occupation	zip	radius	recency	job type	salary	description	job title	company	city	state	location	source	post date	url
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	About us: Syntel INC. - Nationwide leading IT Outsourcing, IT consulting, and BPO firm offering managed IT services, Enterprise Business Solutions and Collaborative client partnerships. “Small enough to listen, Big enough to deliver”…. Let me brief you about this fast growing IT Corporation. We are into IT Application &amp; outsourcing. We are NASDAQ listed, and CMM Level 5 Co. We have been in the industry since 1980. Our revenue is estimated at $ 824 million with the staff strength of 23,000 + Global Workforce. Syntel partners with leading corporations across banking &amp; financial services, insurance, healthcare, life sciences, retail, logistics and manufacturing. The Company leverages dedicated vertical and service Centers of Excellence along with a flexible Global Delivery Model to deliver solutions that drive innovation, improve quality and reduce costs for Global 2000 clients. Our Development centers are situated across the Globe - USA (Arizona, Tennessee, Maryland, Oregon, North Carolina, New York, and Michigan), Germany, Singapore, UK, and India. Title: Software Engineer – Entry Level (Java) Location: New York, NY Duration: Full Time (Permanent) Job Description: Responsibilities include: Supporting technology projects throughout the planning and delivery cycles. Deliver software development improvements. Support the development of Syntel’s best practices. Qualifications include: Bachelors, or Master’s Degree in Computer Science or related field. Excellent verbal communication and written, with active listening and summarization skills. Knowledge and experience of gathering data for requirements and use case development. Research and gather both business and technology requirements to support project initiatives. Perform analysis of existing or new processes to determine how to best enable and implement. Respond to Intersystem impact requests to get the impacted stake holders. Work closely with a highly synergized team of Project Managers and Technical resources. Ensure comprehensive, timely and quality delivery of all requests. Works with business facing analysis to determine and translate business requirements into technology solutions. Lead end-to-end research and analysis across multiple teams. Work closely with clients/customers to ensure alignment on technical solution. Ensure that all documentation meets/aligns with required compliance standards. Coordinate and monitor end-to-end testing activities. Responsible for the quality of deliverables in terms of the analysis report, technical design documentation, and the adherence to technical compliance standards. Excellent judgmental, interpersonal, communication skills and follow through. Active listening and summarization skills. Proactively influencing, advising, and collaborating with Business and Technologies partners at all levels. Willingness to relocate. Experience with any software technology: C++, JAVA, .net is a plus. Previous Internship preferred All selected candidates will go through training related to Java technologies post which they will be absorbed into active project. Job Type: Full-time 	Software Engineer – Entry Level (Java)	Syntel Inc.	New York	NY	New York, NY	Indeed	Fri, 06 Nov 2015 22:42:59 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=313bd51efd4cf1dc&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1xeE6aGQRf_Z38iZ1OcYgPJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke1ht519u35p7
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Rapidly growing proprietary trading firm with five offices in Chicago, London, New York City, Ottawa, and Sydney, seeks to add a Software Engineers to join our growing New York office to develop systems that will contribute to our low-latency trading platform. Successful applicants for this position will be working closely with traders, quants and other software engineers to implement and extend the different parts of our trading infrastructure including low-latency trade execution services, tick data infrastructure, database service layers, exchange connections, back testing systems, GUIs, risk management systems, calculation and modeling engines and compliance monitoring tools. The applicant will use modern software tools in an agile project management process with a focus on continuous integration and regression testing to build highly performant code in a Linux environment. This position will be located in the New York office. Our management philosophy encourages creativity and independent thinking while balancing teamwork and cooperation. Members of our teams are provided cutting-edge technology for competing in this challenging trading environment. Rewards are based on merit and productivity. Management is approachable and available for direction and/or support. Education: Bachelor’s Degree from a 4-year university Degree in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering or any quantitative focused field Strong GPA (3.5 or higher) Required Skills: Core proficiency in C++11, preferably on a Linux platform C# knowledge is a plus Solid knowledge of object-oriented programming and design Experience with multithreading, real-time systems and socket programming Ultra-low latency programming experience Experience with scripting languages, such as Python or Ruby Excellent communication skills Demonstrated problem-solving skills and attention to detail Experience in finance or trading is a definite plus A self-motivated individual with a passion for working in a trading organization Please note only individuals whose qualifications match our current needs will be contacted for additional screening and/or interviews. Thank you for your interest in XR Trading. Required Skills Required Experience	Software Engineer - New York	XR Trading LLC	New York	NY	New York, NY	XR Trading LLC	Sat, 07 Nov 2015 08:03:22 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=f78f9a532aa4de11&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1xeE6aGQRf_Z38iZ1OcYgPJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke1ht519u35p7
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Our engineering teams are responsible for the services and infrastructure that connect hundreds of millions of active Twitter users to real-time information about what’s relevant in their lives and the world we live in. We work on some of the world’s largest distributed systems – our core infrastructure receives hundreds of millions of tweets per day and serves tens of billions of API requests, all with an uptime in excess of 99.9%. Our other systems operate at a similarly staggering scale: we serve over 2 billion search queries per day, render hundreds of millions of ad impressions, and process hundreds of terabytes of log and interaction data daily. As a systems engineer at Twitter, you will help us build, scale and maintain these systems, all of which have a direct impact on the lives of our users and the success of our business. We are looking for a number of passionate, talented, entrepreneurial engineers to join the team in New York City to help us build the best platform systems possible. Responsibilities: Build and maintain low latency high performance scalable systems Improve the reliability and efficiency of Twitter's core systems Work in a collaborative manner with team members in remote offices Develop elegant solutions to complex problems Be awesome in developing JVM services (Scala, Java) Balance out your desire to ship code with your responsibility to get it right Requirements: Extensive experience with web infrastructure, distributed systems, performance analysis, search infrastructure and/or large-scale data processing Experience with software engineering best practices (e.g. unit testing, code reviews, design documentation) Strong algorithms and data structures background BS, MS, or PhD in Computer Science or equivalent work experience For engineers who will work on audio/video systems, significant C/C++ expertise required Desired: Active user of Twitter Open source contributor	Software Engineer - New York	Twitter	New York	NY	New York, NY	Twitter	Thu, 05 Nov 2015 10:56:16 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=b6015e868297b6b7&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1xeE6aGQRf_Z38iZ1OcYgPJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke1ht519u35p7
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Syntel INC. - Nationwide leading IT Outsourcing, IT consulting, and BPO firm offering managed IT services, Enterprise Business Solutions and Collaborative client partnerships. “Small enough to listen, Big enough to deliver”…. Let me brief you about this fast growing IT Corporation. We are into IT Application &amp; outsourcing. We are NASDAQ listed, and CMM Level 5 Co. We have been in the industry since 1980. Our revenue is estimated at $ 824 million with the staff strength of 23,000 + Global Workforce. Syntel partners with leading corporations across banking &amp; financial services, insurance, healthcare, life sciences, retail, logistics and manufacturing. The Company leverages dedicated vertical and service Centers of Excellence along with a flexible Global Delivery Model to deliver solutions that drive innovation, improve quality and reduce costs for Global 2000 clients. Our Development centers are situated across the Globe - USA (Arizona, Tennessee, Maryland, Oregon, North Carolina, New York, and Michigan), Germany, Singapore, UK, and India. Title: Software Engineer (Java)– Entry Level Location: NYC, NY Duration: Full Time (Permanent) Job Description: Responsibilities include: Supporting technology projects throughout the planning and delivery cycles. Deliver software development improvements. Support the development of Syntel’s best practices. Qualifications include: Bachelors, or Master’s Degree in Computer Science or related field. Excellent verbal communication and written, with active listening and summarization skills. Knowledge and experience of gathering data for requirements and use case development. Research and gather both business and technology requirements to support project initiatives. Perform analysis of existing or new processes to determine how to best enable and implement. Respond to Intersystem impact requests to get the impacted stake holders. Work closely with a highly synergized team of Project Managers and Technical resources. Ensure comprehensive, timely and quality delivery of all requests. Works with business facing analysis to determine and translate business requirements into technology solutions. Lead end-to-end research and analysis across multiple teams. Work closely with clients/customers to ensure alignment on technical solution. Ensure that all documentation meets/aligns with required compliance standards. Coordinate and monitor end-to-end testing activities. Responsible for the quality of deliverables in terms of the analysis report, technical design documentation, and the adherence to technical compliance standards. Excellent judgmental, interpersonal, communication skills and followthrough. Active listening and summarization skills. Proactively influencing, advising, and collaborating with Business and Technologies partners at all levels. Willingness to relocate. Experience with any software technology: C++, JAVA, .net is a plus. All selected candidates will go through training related to testing technologies post which they will be absorbed into active project. Required education: Bachelor's 	Software Engineer_Entry Level_Full time	SYNTEL INC	New York	NY	New York, NY	Indeed	Thu, 05 Nov 2015 16:17:46 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=847614cfcf16cf60&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1xeE6aGQRf_Z38iZ1OcYgPJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke1ht519u35p7
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Square is looking for talented engineers to be integral members of the NYC Engineering office. As a member of the New York office, you will also be front and center when it comes to representing our office, and Square, here on the East Coast. We're a small team located in SoHo, and defining the culture of what is our largest engineering office after Square’s headquarters in San Francisco. We build beautiful mobile/web apps and create highly available services that form complex distributed systems. If you love delivering product driven software, we want to hear from you! You have: Strong coding skills and Computer Science fundamentals Analytical problem solving skills The ability to make pragmatic engineering decisions in a short amount of time SQL experience Even better: Open source contributions TDD and pair programming experience Technologies we use and teach : Ruby, JRuby, Rails Java, Jetty, protobufs, JSON MySQL, Redis, HBase, Hadoop, and Kafka JavaScript, jQuery, Ember.js, Sass, and CoffeeScript Projects we work on: Register: our point of sale. Everything a seller needs to start, run, and grow their business. Market: our online store. The easiest place for buyers to discover and purchase anything, helping local businesses grow. Payments: building a beautiful, friction-free checkout experience. Analytics and reporting: accounting for, visualizing, and enabling business growth. Growth: acquiring and retaining high quality sellers. Merchant Dashboard: our merchant facing web app provides exceptional business and customer management tools At Square, we value diversity and always treat all employees and job applicants based on merit, qualifications, competence, and talent. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. We will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance. 	Software Engineer - New York	Square	New York	NY	New York, NY	Square	Mon, 02 Nov 2015 16:28:00 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=040f47ddb1ae4268&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1xeE6aGQRf_Z38iZ1OcYgPJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke1ht519u35p7
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Bluecore is an NYC based startup. Our eCommerce personalization platform analyzes billions of eCommerce behavioral events -in real time- per month. With a team of just four engineers, we've built products that are used by some of the biggest eCommerce sites and international brands. We believe in hiring for potential, rather than a high correlation of pure skill-sets for the roles we have. Having said that, our technology stack on the back end is in Python on Google App Engine. Our front-end integration is in JavaScript and Coffeescript. We have also developed a domain specific language to describe eCommerce personalization in terms of predicates on customers and products. We build many internal and customer facing tools, including an innovative template editing CMS on top of Github. Even though our first application is currently focused on email, we are a company that deals with massive amounts of data. We ingest massive amounts of data about customers, and the products they look at, the size, color, brand etc - and process all of that in real time! ** Why work at Bluecore? 1. We handle very large real time datasets; we're 18 months old and have a 12TB well structured dataset. 2. Our engineers are given large responsibilities. We consider them smart creatives not shackled with 4-hour tasks. 3. We have about 700 unit tests. We parallelize them on many machines to ensure that the test suite always runs in under 3 minutes. 4. We handle many thousands of requests per second, but that increases every day as we grow. 5. We deploy many many times to production every day. Requirements SKILLS Python, Javascript, E-Commerce, Google App Engine, General Software Hardcore-Ness Benefits Highly competitive compensation package and opportunity to work for one of the fastest growing start-ups in New York City. Laid-back office, casual attire. Jeans and a t-shirt always OK, though we have some pretty snappy dressers on this team. The choice is yours. Free breakfast, lunch, snacks, drinks. Ergonomic desk options from top to bottom. Monthly fitness stipend. Yoga, CrossFit, Spin… your choice. Monthly NYC metro card (or similar public transit pass) paid for. You’ll receive the computer of your choice with appropriate software installed to complete your work. A culture we care about deeply. People should be happy in their jobs and lives. There is a balance to strike to achieve this and we respect it. Full medical, dental and vision benefits program. 	Software Engineer	Bluecore	New York	NY	New York, NY	Bluecore	Sat, 24 Oct 2015 14:29:00 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=b8bda73a1c6093e9&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1xeE6aGQRf_Z38iZ1OcYgPJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke1ht519u35p7
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	About the New York Genome Center The New York Genome Center (NYGC) is an independent, non-profit organization that leverages the collaborative resources of leading academic medical centers, research universities, and commercial organizations. Our vision is to transform medical research and clinical care in New York and beyond through the creation of one of the largest genomics facilities in North America, integrating sequencing, bioinformatics, and data management, as well as performing cutting-edge genomics research. The New York Genome Center is a VEVRAA Federal Contractor. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment and will not be discriminated against on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, national origin, age, disability, or protected veteran status. The New York Genome Center takes affirmative action in support of its policy to and advance in employment individuals who are minorities, women, protected veterans, and individuals with disabilities. Position Description: The incumbent will support our rapidly expanding informatics division in developing high-throughput pipelines and large-scale data management systems. The ideal candidate will be a pragmatic team player with experience developing and supporting software for scientific applications, including analysis pipelines, large-scale data repositories, LIMS, and data privacy. Job duties will include, but are not limited to: Collaborate with bioinformatics scientists, users, and stakeholders to define requirements and specifications for data processing pipelines and analysis tools, accessing and managing scientific data, delivering data to customers, or providing input on usability and testability; Prototype, develop, deploy, document, and support production-quality, fault-tolerant, high-performance software; Perform root-cause analysis on problems, recommend solutions and improvements to the team, as well as validate and document code changes; Provide reliable estimates for tasks; Develop expertise in the scientific and computational resources of the center. Required Skills BS in Computer Science, computer engineering, or related field plus 2-3 years related experience; master’s degree plus 1 year related experience, or equivalent combination of education and experience; Demonstrated ability to design and build large-scale software systems, and to produce readable, documented code; Ability to work independently to deliver quality code under tight deadlines; Proficiency in Java, Scala, or similar languages; Experience with version control and source code management systems (e.g.,GIT); Experience with agile programming techniques; Excellent communication skills and proven ability to work directly with customers to understand their needs and translate those into actionable software requirements; Ability to make decisions with incomplete information and produce results in a timely fashion; Must be able to work in a fast-paced, start-up like environment. Required Experience	Software Engineer II	New York Genome Center	New York	NY	New York, NY	New York Genome Center	Sun, 08 Nov 2015 07:45:57 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=ffb25dd44f7b5906&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1xeE6aGQRf_Z38iZ1OcYgPJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke1ht519u35p7
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	American Express is embarking on an exciting transformation driven by an energetic new team of high performers. This group is nimble and creative with the power to shape our technology and product roadmap. If you have the talent and desire to deliver innovative payment products and services at a rapid pace, serving our customers seamlessly across physical, digital, mobile, and social media, join our transformation team! Software Engineers that join our Technologies team can be assigned to one of several exciting teams that are developing new virtual Internet-based payment solutions, customer service portals, online merchant services support and integration, credit management tools, and suites of web-based applications for cardmember targeted offers that will span over 20 international markets. You will be part of a fast-paced, entrepreneurial team responsible for delivering world-class cardmember experiences across multiple channels, including native iOS, Android, web, social integration, Java services, and APIs. You will be challenged with identifying innovative ideas and proof of concept to deliver against the existing and future needs of our customers. Responsibilities include, but are not limited to: S erving as a core member of an engineering team that designs and develops software applications and builds automation tools for testing Writing code and tests, working on API specs, automation, and conducting code reviews and testing Identifying exciting opportunities for adopting new technologies to solve existing needs and predicting future challenges Performing ongoing refactoring of code, utilizing visualization and other techniques to fast-track concepts, and delivering continuous improvement Working with product managers to prioritize features for ongoing sprints and managing a list of technical requirements based on industry trends, new technologies, known defects, and issues Qualifications Qualifications : This high energy Engineer must have: Bachelor's or Master's degree in computer science, computer engineering, or other technical discipline, or equivalent work experience 4+ years of software development experience and preferably a BS or MS degree in computer science, computer engineering, or other technical discipline Demonstrated experience in Agile development, application design, software development, and testing Thorough understanding of XML, JSON, Web Service technologies, and data structure fundamentals Experience with Java applications design and development in an Enterprise setting using J2EE, Spring, SQL DBMS’s desired Expertise in Objected Oriented Analysis and Design across a variety of platforms A proven hunger to learn new technologies and translate them into working software Ability to effectively communicate to internal and external business partners on solution design Experience with HTML/XHTML, CSS, JavaScript, and Software Version Control Systems (such as svn, git) required Experience with JavaScript Libraries (such as jQuery, GWT, Dojo, AngularJS), API’s, Search Engine Optimization, Web Page Optimization strategies desired Experience with adaptive and responsive techniques Internationalization (I18N) and Localization (L10N) experience is a plus Experience with a broad range of software languages and payments technologies is a plus Experience with design and coding using ETL tools is a plus Experience with test automation, DevOps and Test Driven Development is a plus American Express is an equal opportunity employer and makes employment decisions without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, disability status, or any other status protected by law. “Click here to view the " EEO is the Law " poster”. If the link does not work, please copy and paste the following URL in a new browser window: http://www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/ofccpost.htm . ReqID: 15011032	Software Engineer	American Express	New York	NY	New York, NY	American Express	Sat, 07 Nov 2015 00:05:21 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=e85f1ec62ec07657&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1xeE6aGQRf_Z38iZ1OcYgPJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke1ht519u35p7
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Each year, Meetup hires exceptional entry-level Software Engineers to work on a platform that helps millions of people worldwide build local community. Depending on your specialty and interest, you’ll work on web, data science, mobile app, or core software engineering. In addition, you’ll be mentored by an experienced member of your team as you get up to speed. Meetup uses a hybrid software stack of Python, JavaScript, Java, and Scala. We’re committed to building a flexible and intelligent platform that allows local community to thrive in a productive, rewarding, and positive learning environment. We’re also passionate about building community inside Meetup HQ, and plan activities for each class of new grads to help them meet their teammates. That’s in addition to the company-wide rooftop BBQs, happy hours, and many other community events that make up the unique culture of Meetup HQ! General Requirements: BS or MS in Computer Science (or related discipline) graduating between December 2015 and June 2016 A solid foundation in data structures and algorithms Understanding of the software development life-cycle Experience with relational databases a plus Open positions: UI Engineer (front end) Full Stack Engineer Core Engineer (backend) iOS Engineer Android Engineer Our team is smart, ambitious, supportive, and above all- we are excited by what we do. While meeting regular deadlines and being focused on quick, quality completion of projects, the environment is relaxed and fun. If the above describes you and your passions, we’d love to hear from you!	Software Engineers, Recent Grad	Meetup	New York	NY	New York, NY	Meetup	Sat, 07 Nov 2015 00:47:43 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=872032fa6140880f&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1xeE6aGQRf_Z38iZ1OcYgPJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke1ht519u35p7
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Twitter connects hundreds of millions of users to real-time information about the world we live in. The New York engineering team is developing new products and technology to provide users with timely, relevant and personalized information. We’re incorporating the Twitter social graph which is a massive corpus of real-time information, and numerous interesting data signals. Behind the scenes, we are building highly scalable distributed systems, and the algorithms necessary to make sense of all this data — all within a matter of milliseconds. Every day we are pushing the boundaries, we work with data at a scale that is unmatched, impacting millions of lives around the world every second. We are looking for talented people to join our small, entrepreneurial New York team to help make Twitter the best source of real-time content in the world. We are looking for Mobile Engineers to join our New York team to help make Twitter the best source of real-time content in the world. Responsibilities: Build exciting experiences around search and discover on Twitter's iPhone and iPad clients Work closely with other engineering teams, product management and design Rapidly fix bugs and solve problems Conduct design and code reviews Proactively look for ways to make Twitter better Requirements: BS or MS in Computer Science or equivalent work experience Excellent OO programming skills in Objective-C Experience building applications in memory and bandwidth-constrained systems Passion for delivering great user experience Experience tuning performance of client applications Strong communication and documentation skills Desired: iOS SDK experience Ability to innovate and partner with our design team to build multiple prototypes quickly Experience releasing successful mobile applications to the Apple App store or Android Marketplace Experience with multiple mobile platforms Active user of Twitter Active Twitter API developer	iOS, Software Engineer (New York)	Twitter	New York	NY	New York, NY	Twitter	Thu, 05 Nov 2015 10:56:51 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=49a7cb9e05bedf1c&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1xeE6aGQRf_Z38iZ1OcYgPJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke1ht519u35p7
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Schoology is one of the fastest growing education technology companies, with more than 12 million users across the world. We are giving educators all the tools they need to more easily personalize education and improve student outcomes, but in a way that works easily with their current systems and teaching approach. We’ve evolved the traditional learning management system into an education cloud: a platform that connects the people, content, and systems that fuel education. Working at Schoology offers you a chance to help solve the most important challenges in education in an environment that’s fun, collaborative and innovative. We are looking for smart, creative individuals who are passionate about education and aren't afraid to show it. What you'll do: Develop high performance, highly scalable web applications. Our web app is used by over 12 million educators, students and parents worldwide. Work on a cross-functional team (we call them “squads”) where you’ll play a critical role in design, planning, development and deployment. Use technical knowledge and creative thinking to provide the most innovative solutions. Bottom line: you’ll have a say in what’s built — we’re not throwing specs over the wall for you to develop on an island. Meet aggressive deadlines in a rapid application development environment. What we'd like: We’re looking for world-class software engineers at all levels of experience. Whether you have one year of professional experience, or you are 20+ years into your software development career, we want to hear from you! The common theme throughout our current team is our passion for the craft — software engineering. Experience and expertise developing in one or more of the following languages: PHP, Ruby, Python, Java, GO or node.js Experience developing large-scale web applications — the bigger the better! However, that would not preclude us from interviewing you for the potential to develop them. Experience developing at all levels of the technology stack, with particular focus on the back-end. Experience working with web services (e.g. REST, SOAP) in a highly scalable, highly available environment Deep fundamental understanding of web application technology Strong understanding of basic web skills (HTML, CSS and JavaScript) Superior communications and organization skills — you’re going to be working on a team, so this is essential. Self-motivation as well as ability and desire to learn new technologies, applications, processes, and environments Bonus points for: Interest in growing into a potential technical leadership role. Experience with LAMP-based (Linux-Apache-MySQL-PHP) development Experience working with JavaScript along with patterns and frameworks such as Flux w/ ReactJS, AngularJS, EmberJS, or BackboneJS Familiarity with Laravel Familiarity with Mongo, or Redis At Schoology, we are continuously advancing what is possible in education. You in? Schoology is an Equal Opportunity Employer and embraces diversity of every kind .	Software Engineer - Web Platform	Schoology	New York	NY	New York, NY	Schoology	Sat, 07 Nov 2015 05:12:40 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=73e0868a2e2d1d81&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1xeE6aGQRf_Z38iZ1OcYgPJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke1ht519u35p7
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Job Description Blue Box/IBM Corporation delivers Private Cloud as a Service to a worldwide customer base. Built on a technology platform leveraging decades of operational expertise in cloud and distributed systems, Blue Box Cloud is a managed private cloud product available in both hosted and on-prem versions. Each Blue Box Cloud is run on dedicated hardware, powered by OpenStack and fully managed by our global team of infrastructure experts. Blue Box Cloud delivers the core benefits of both public and private clouds in one offering and provides the control, performance and security customers need in a wide range of industries.An OpenStack Software Engineer at Blue Box is responsible for building and maintaining software, tools and services to support our OpenStack private cloud offering and advancing the development of our Infrastructure Automation and Configuration Management tooling. We are a small distributed team, so a cultural fit is very important. We’re a friendly group that enjoys kicking out code and creating brilliant solutions that make our customers’ lives easier. Our modern infrastructure is built upon a diverse and ever changing toolset. The candidate will need to be an autodidact that is willing to commit their passion for learning to our goal of making our infrastructure best in class.Job Responsibilities: * Improve our infrastructure and internal systems* Help us refine and evolve our OpenStack service offering* Take initiative to substantially improve customer and colleague workflows* Meet with team members for regular sprints, develop and complete agreed-upon stories* Develop modular, clean code with comprehensive tests* Work across teams to determine most efficient path to meeting service requirements* Provide clear documentation for completed work* Mentor other engineers and be willing to share their knowledge and expertiseRequired Knowledge, Skills and Abilities: * Understanding of modern cloud (compute, storage, networking) with an emphasis on OpenStack* Chef or Ansible - Belief in infrastructure-as-code* Ruby or Python* Virtualization (Kernel Virtual Machine (KVM), Vagrant, OpenVZ or Link XIO Control (LXC)) Containers experience is a plus)* Continuous Integration (CI) (Jenkins or Travis)* Linux - Red Hat Enterprise Linux (RHEL) and Ubuntu* Serving high-traffic web applications in production environments* Exposure to Ruby on Rails applications and common deployment tools* Familiarity with multiple data stores. We work with a lot of MySQL, PostgreSQL, Redis* Git and github experience in a collaborative development environment* Understanding of Representational State Transfer (REST) Application Program Interfaces (APIs), how they are used and the ability to create their own Qualifications null Additional Information null	OpenStack Software Engineer	IBM	New York	NY	New York, NY	IBM	Thu, 05 Nov 2015 04:05:41 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=2885d70cc339729d&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1xeE6aGQRf_Z38iZ1OcYgPJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke1ht519u35p7
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	The Billing Team is part of the larger Payments team that enables Square to move money. From developing infrastructure to working with internal product team partners, we’re building out Square’s Billing Platform to allow Square to offer new payment products in a way that is available, scalable, secure and forward-looking. As a Software Engineer on the Billing Team, you will be responsible for designing, building, and maintaining the Billing Platform services and infrastructure that move money for Square. You will be deeply involved in the technical details of building highly available and reliable services, while also working with product teams to enable Square to rapidly build new capabilities for our merchants and buyers all over the world. You will: Build our Billing Platform, used by the rest of the organization to bill merchants and their customers and a key strategic asset of Square Design and implement high-volume, low-latency, distributed systems, making thoughtful tradeoffs between consistency and availability when both are not possible Build a platform with consistent, coherent service APIs for Square’s products to build upon Build systems that manage customers’ sensitive data and hold Square to the highest standards for security and compliance Work cross-functionally with our product, business, and finance teams to develop Square’s global payments strategy See the big picture to design fault tolerant systems so the team can be brave, move fast, and break things, without ever showing a negative impact to customers You have: Innate curiosity and a desire to be responsible for all aspects of reliably moving millions of dollars in a small, highly focused team Understanding and curiosity in creating highly available, scalable, low-latency, global systems Track record of pursuing self directed side projects, research, or open source projects Technologies we use: Java, Ruby, CoffeeScript Guice, Protocol Buffers, jOOQ, Rails, Ember MySQL, Redis, Kafka, Elasticsearch, Hadoop 	Software Engineer, Billing - New York	Square	New York	NY	New York, NY	Square	Thu, 29 Oct 2015 11:52:00 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=1013d02e97682086&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1xeE6aGQRf_Z38iZ1OcYgPJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke1ht519u35p7
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Major Responsibilities: Design, build and deploy Microservices and APIs within Kaplan’s e-learning system. Develop and deploy new features and ensure that features are fully integrated within the Kaplan framework. Develop and perform unit testing for all web applications. Perform troubleshooting and code-fixes and conduct system testing. Work with the product owner on high level architecture and roadmap for the Microservices/API team. Work with product owner to establish best practices for all aspects of building APIs including design, development, unit testing, deployment, security, error tracking and performance monitoring. Requirements: Bachelor of Science in computer science or computer engineering and five years of software development experience, including at least one year of development experience related to e-learning platforms; Must have experience with modern web stack technologies, including HTML, Javascript, and MVC/MV* Frameworks; Must have experience with ASP.NET, design of RESTful APIs, Microservices, and Web Services; Must have experience with Node.js, MongoDB, Redis, AWS, SQL Server, Git, and Elastic Beanstalk; Experience with object-oriented design and analysis as well as with unit testing tools such as XUnit and NUnit required; Experience with C#, XML, and lightweight and/or agile development methodology required; Telecommuting option available—must reside in New York metropolitan area. Send resumes to: Kaplan, Inc. ATTN: P. Torres 750 3rd Avenue New York, NY 10017	Senior Software Engineers	Kaplan	New York	NY	New York, NY	Kaplan	Wed, 04 Nov 2015 23:35:54 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=d394e512dc76dd15&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1xeE6aGQRf_Z38iZ1OcYgPJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke1ht519u35p7
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	We are hiring Software Engineer (Java) - Entry Level – New York, NY Job Description: Responsibilities include: Supporting technology projects throughout the planning and delivery cycles. Deliver software development improvements. Support the development of Syntel’s best practices. Knowledge and experience of gathering data for requirements and use case development. Research and gather both business and technology requirements to support project initiatives. Perform analysis of existing or new processes to determine how to best enable and implement. Respond to Intersystem impact requests to get the impacted stake holders. Work closely with a highly synergized team of Project Managers and Technical resources. Ensure comprehensive, timely and quality delivery of all requests. Work with business facing analysis to determine and translate business requirements into technology solutions. Lead end-to-end research and analysis across multiple teams. Work closely with clients/customers to ensure alignment on technical solution. Ensure that all documentation meets/aligns with required compliance standards. Coordinate and monitor end-to-end testing activities. Responsible for the quality of deliverables in terms of the analysis report, technical design documentation, and the adherence to technical compliance standards. Proactively influencing, advising, and collaborating with Business and Technologies partners at all levels. Qualifications include: Bachelors or Master’s Degree in Computer Science or related field. Excellent verbal communication and written, with active listening and summarization skills. Excellent judgmental, interpersonal, communication skills and follow-through. Active listening and summarization skills. Willingness to relocate. About Our Company : Syntel INC. - Nationwide leading IT Outsourcing, IT consulting, and BPO firm offering managed IT services, Enterprise Business Solutions and Collaborative client partnerships. “Small enough to listen, Big enough to deliver”…. Let me brief you about this fast growing IT Corporation. We are into IT Application &amp; outsourcing. We are NASDAQ listed, and CMM Level 5 Co. We have been in the industry since 1980. Our revenue is estimated at $ 824 million with the staff strength of 23,000 + Global Workforce . Our Development centers are situated across the Globe - USA (Arizona, Tennessee, Maryland, Oregon, North Carolina, New York, and Michigan), Germany, Singapore, UK, and India. 	Software Engineer (Java) - Entry Level	SYNTEL	New York	NY	New York, NY	Indeed	Tue, 03 Nov 2015 17:12:05 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=250ab89ec64a5b05&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1xeE6aGQRf_Z38iZ1OcYgPJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke1ht519u35p7
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Overview You'll be an integral part of a fast-moving tech team, focused on engineering the best customer experience imaginable. The tools we’re working on power the way our entire company operates, from the user experience on the web to the operational systems around logistics and order management. As an early member of this team, you’ll have a huge role in determining the process and scope for future projects, and be responsible for carrying these through to implementation. Key Responsibilities Design + develop new technical projects that interface with every single part of our business. Scale our technology as the business grows, making sure we maintain &amp; improve upon our work as we reach a broader audience. Work tirelessly to analyze and improve the speed &amp; stability of our website, and constantly evaluate the tools we use do to so. Collaborate with our operations team to build intricate systems around order management, inventory management, logistics, and shipping. Develop ways to capture, analyze, and act upon data to improve our user experience and workflow. Think of new ways to improve the business, and be ready to take ownership over their implementation. REQUIREMENTS Our ideal candidate is highly motivated, and able to manage their own time effectively. You should be very opinionated about the software you build and the tools you use, and be willing to debate the choices we make as a team (in the spirit of collaboration of course!). You should also have: 5+ years of professional experience, preferably as a Software Engineer A degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or equivalent education Deep knowledge of Rails or another MVC web framework Proficiency with JavaScript (we use CoffeeScript) Proficiency with CSS (we use SASS) Experience working with PostgreSQL or another relational database Comfortable working with Unix command line tools and version-control tools like git Experience building and expanding web platforms through periods of high growth Ability to prioritize tasks and spec out requirements for implementation Experience in E-Commerce is a plus About Casper Casper (casper.com ( http://casper.com/ )) is an award-winning sleep startup that launched with an outrageously comfortable mattress sold directly to consumers — eliminating commission ­driven, inflated prices. The critically­ acclaimed sleep surface was developed in-house by a team of product engineers with experience from IDEO, has a sleek design, and is delivered right to your door in a small, “how did they do that?” sized box. Casper is one of the fastest growing consumer brands of all time, launching in April 2014 and earning $1M in revenue in its first 28 days. The company quickly struck a chord with consumers in a category that has stagnated for decades. In February 2015, it announced sales exceeding $20M in its first ten months. The company raised a $55M Series B investment led by IVP, bringing its total funding to $69.95M. Benefits: Competitive salary + equity Full health insurance Fitness benefits Open vacation policy Lots of free food and unlimited naps! 	Senior Software Engineer	Casper	New York	NY	New York, NY	Casper	Sun, 08 Nov 2015 06:51:54 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=07a31f80535b84a5&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1xeE6aGQRf_Z38iZ1OcYgPJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke1ht519u35p7
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Opportunity We’re working on the future. If you are seeking an environment where you can drive innovation… If you want to apply state-of-the-art computer technologies to solve real world problems… If you want the satisfaction of providing visible benefit to end-users in an iterative fast paced environment… If you want to pave the future of Amazon Retail, enhancing how we do business and be a key player in global e-commerce… This is your opportunity. Innovation Software Engineers at Amazon are more than just order takers; they see a problem or opportunity and leverage innovative technology to address it. You will be working with big data (very large data sets), well beyond the scalability limits of conventional relational databases. We’re looking for people who innovate, love solving hard problems, and never take “no” for an answer. You will be part of a team of top-notch software developers to work hard, have fun, and make history. Impact Our mission is to build systems, workflows, and software services that help Amazon’s business teams manage flash sales events. These systems mine and process data for every event that runs on the site. Our challenges include designing and coding algorithms that are better suited for flash events (time bound sales v/s perpetually running sales), continuously improving the efficiency of event management workflows and seamlessly integrating critical business functions to provide a world class experience to our customers. These systems need to scale to manage millions of items spread across thousands of events world-wide. This team is responsible for systems that directly impact a multi-million dollar business. This opportunity is unique: you will drive the construction of backend systems deep within the software stack that provide APIs and services, as well as highly intuitive, high performance, front-end user interfaces. You will have direct interaction with your users and the business teams and create a direct impact on how this new retail business functions at its core. The right candidate is expected have a strong drive for results, good interpersonal skills and the ability to work both independently and in a team environment. They should be fully capable of understanding complex systems and developing high scale, high availability, distributed systems as well as intuitive user interfaces. Successful candidates must be innovative, flexible, self-directed, and be able to work independently and collaboratively with cross-functional business and software development teams to solve critical business problems. Basic Qualifications Bachelor’s Degree or above in Computer Science or related field 5+ years professional experience in software development Strong Computer Science fundamentals, object-oriented design, data structures, algorithm design, and complexity analysis Strong problem solving skills Proficiency in one programming language such as C++, C#, or Java Knowledge of professional software engineering practices &amp; best practices for the full software development life cycle, including coding standards, code reviews, source control management, build processes, testing, and operations Experience with distributed computing and enterprise-wide systems Preferred Qualifications Experience building complex software systems that have been successfully delivered to customers Knowledge of professional software engineering practices &amp; best practices for the full software development life cycle, including coding standards, code reviews, source control management, build processes, testing, and operations Ability to take a project from scoping requirements through actual launch of the project Experience in communicating with users, other technical teams, and management to collect requirements, describe software product features 	Software Development Engineer	Amazon Corporate LLC	New York	NY	New York, NY	Amazon.com	Tue, 03 Nov 2015 22:31:00 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=b1a7a759f7443012&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1xeE6aGQRf_Z38iZ1OcYgPJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke1ht519u35p7
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	One of the core values of Twitter's Engineering organization is the drive to quickly iterate on feature releases, allowing us to deliver new features and products to our global user base and maintain our competitive edge. The Engineering Effectiveness team is empowered to build the engineering infrastructure, platform and tools to give Twitter this competitive edge. We design and develop the engineering infrastructure which is distributed, scalable, and enables fast iterations via continuous integration and reliable deployments. Our contributions make Twitter Engineering an environment where developers thrive. This role will help shape Twitter’s future on tools, infrastructure and methodologies for the massive scale we are trying to achieve. If you have empathy for developers, passion for engineering productivity, experience delivering scalable distributed systems - you will find this role liberating and challenging. Responsibilities: Build and maintain high-performance, scalable systems and tools in the context of Twitter's service-oriented architecture Develop and deliver distributed engineering platforms Work closely with other engineers within your group and across the entire product engineering organizations Develop elegant solutions to complex problems relating to engineering systems Requirements: Extensive experience with infrastructure and distributed systems Code using Python, Scala, Java, and/or C++ Strong algorithms and data structures background Desire to contribute to the open source community Experience with software engineering best practices: unit testing, code reviews, design documentation, excellent debugging, troubleshooting skills BS, MS, or PhD in Computer Science or equivalent work experience Desired: Contributions to the open-source community Experience with web infrastructure and distributed systems Development of compilers, cloud caching and IDEs Experience with engineering teams implementing build systems for complex source code, developing source control systems and continuous integration infrastructure	Software Engineer - Engineering Effectiveness (New York)	Twitter	New York	NY	New York, NY	Twitter	Thu, 05 Nov 2015 10:56:14 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=d1be1e8f8938d9e4&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1xeE6aGQRf_Z38iZ1OcYgPJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke1ht519u35p7
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	MLB Advanced Media (MLBAM), the interactive and mobile company of Major League Baseball, is the developer of several award-winning products, apps and services. Some of these include: MLB Gameday, MLB.TV, Fantasy Baseball, Beat the Streak, and the #1 sports app and a Hall of Fame inductee for iPhone, iPad and Macworld – MLB At Bat! We are also an industry leader in the development and distribution of live streaming video events over multiple platforms. We are seeking four Associate Software Engineers in our New York City office. Description You will work on a central team providing the tooling to support thousands of projects at MLBAM.com. In this critical position you will interface directly with various application engineering teams. You will learn a great deal about operations and development at scale and you will move quickly to improve our devops processes. Your ability to learn new technologies and drive projects to completion in our fast paced environment will elevate your career. This position offers you a clear career path and a chance to work with a world class software engineering team. This position is located in Chelsea Market, New York, NY. Responsibilities Work on various software engineering initiatives to improve our central tooling stack Improve our process, update documents and conceptualize new projects Engage application engineering teams to onboard their team, answer questions, and proactively work to improve our applications Be an expert at our monitoring stack. Work with teams to ensure their applications are up to standards Spend a small portion of your day executing operational tasks Desired Skills &amp; Experience Software development experience Experience with agile software development processes Experience with one or more of the following: Ruby, Python, JavaScript, Go, or Java Ability to learn new languages and write code Understanding of continuous deployment environments and automation tools Experience with Amazon Web Services (or similar cloud services platform) Hands on experience supporting live production applications Comfortable learning and using a wide variety of open source technologies and tools. Examples are Puppet, Sensu, Graphite, Logstash, Elasticsearch, Docker, etc. Experience operating in a Linux environment Experience with configuration management Comfortable using Git in various workflows Comfortable in a metrics driven environment	Associate Software Engineer, Core Engineering	MLB Advanced Media	New York	NY	New York, NY	MLB Advanced Media	Thu, 05 Nov 2015 23:56:38 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=be1bc7ebae62f855&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1xeE6aGQRf_Z38iZ1OcYgPJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke1ht519u35p7
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	RESPONSIBILITIES The Application Developer is a primary resource for technical design, development, testing, support and ongoing maintenance for Human Capital Management information apps leveraging our Open HCM platform Implement and configure application functionality including user interfaces, business rules, workflows and complex logic Create technical design and implementation documents Enforce governance around cross-cutting capabilities such as security, authentication, authorization and auditing Work with software development test engineers to fully automate application testing and high quality development and configuration Lead internal process improvement initiatives Provide feedback on processes and drive both technology change as well as product insight Mentor junior staff on application development and configuration requirements Collaborate with Product Management &amp; Technology Architects in a full-stack capacity MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS Masters / Bachelors' degree in Computer Science or related field (In lieu of degree, 4 years of relevant work experience) 2+ years technical implementation/development, business analysis, or project management experience with large-scale, complex IT applications systems Experience in gathering requirements, functional design, and documenting business processes Excellent leadership, communication, interpersonal skills with the ability to explain advanced concepts to audiences of varying technical levels Proficient at technical business writing, evaluation and configuration of functional requirements, integrations, workflows, use-cases, validation rules and data models Demonstrated experience documenting/configuring solutions for complex business and data intensive systems ç ? PREFERRED QUALIFICATION Experience building Human Capital Management, Business Process Management or Enterprise resource management tools Knowledge of JavaScript, CSS and Web Standards Knowledge of one of the following languages: C#, Java, C, Ruby on Rails, Python or Go Experience with Agile software development methodologies Experience in automation testing specifically in BDD or TDD methodologies Experience coordinating various technical groups for dependency and roadmap alignment Ability to maintain focus while rapidly developing proficiency in new skills Experience in startup or high growth technology environments Software in the Cloud. Experts on the Ground: ADP powers the working world with comprehensive solutions that drive business success. Consistently named one of the "Most Admired Companies" by FORTUNE® Magazine, and recognized by Forbes® as one of "The World's Most Innovative Companies," ADP has over a half-million clients around the globe and 65 years of experience as one of the largest providers of human capital management solutions world-wide. At ADP, we believe that diversity fuels innovation. ADP is committed to equal employment opportunities regardless of race, color, genetic information, creed, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, lawful alien status, national origin, age, marital status, non-job related physical or mental disability, or protected veteran status. We support an inclusive workplace where associates excel based on personal merit, qualifications, experience, ability, and job performance. ADP Job ID: 111874	Software Engineer	ADP	New York	NY	New York, NY	Automatic Data Processing	Thu, 05 Nov 2015 12:04:27 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=c0b7301496edead2&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1xeE6aGQRf_Z38iZ1OcYgPJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke1ht519u35p7
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	LOCATION: Austin, Texas or New York Metropolitan COMPANY SUMMARY: EyeLock is the leader in advanced iris based identity management solutions with nearly 10 years serving access control, border and transportation solutions, to advanced banking and payment applications. EyeLock is at the forefront of providing the most secure and convenient ways in which to reduce identity theft and fraud. Join the EyeLock researchers and scientists working in our labs and in the field to create technology-based solutions for rapid expansion into exciting embedded platforms. ROLE: Join EyeLock as a Software Engineer designing software products for embedded iris recognition solutions. The Software Engineer works with the architecture, hardware, optical, and algorithm development teams to develop robust iris based biometric identity solutions with the utmost in integrity. The individual will be responsible for design and development of highly efficient software applications for Windows, Linux, iOS, and MacOS systems.Integrity. Teamwork. A passion for technology. That's what success is like at EyeLock. Join us, and you'll work in a dynamic environment with other motivated, talented individuals who inspire greatness in their teammates. RESPONSIBILITIES: Develop cross-platform iris identity software solutions in C and C++ for mobile and embedded platforms such as Linux, Windows, Android, iOS, and MacOS Full responsibility for success of the software and system-level implementation Architect device drivers Work with internal resources, partners, customers and end users to understand industry needs and translate into prioritized requirements Develop product within the EyeLock Corporation Product Security Guidelines Work with hardware, software, computer vision algorithm, and optical engineers to achieve the most user and customer-convenient solution possible Occasional global travel required for on-site OEM support Provide technical leadership in evaluating, understanding, and integrating software and hardware solutions Deliver high quality software through working in a dynamic, team-focused Agile/Scrum environment QUALIFICATION REQUIREMENTS: You must possess a Bachelor or Master's degree in Computer or Software Engineering with with at least 5 years of experience with software planning, analysis, design and implementation of enterprise-level systems with hands-on experience in C/C++, .NET, web services, HTML5, JavaScript and SQL based databases Strong knowledge of enterprise class software requirements including performance, security, scalability, and usability Demonstrated experience with continuous integration frameworks (Jenkins) and DevOps Should have working knowledge/experience in the following skills Java UI: CSS, HTML, Java Scripts, JQuery as well as .NET applications Frameworks: Struts, Spring, Web Services, .NET, Google and Standard Widget tool kits Tools: Eclipse, SQL Developer, JUnit Environment: Setting up cloud based servers as needed, Configuring build systems, setting up continuous builds, Open Source technologies. Object Oriented Analysis and Design Embedded systems Security Must be authorized to work in United States without company sponsorship ADDITIONAL PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS: Wireless (Bluetooth programming) a plus Job Type: Full-time Required experience: relevant: 5 years Job Type: Full-time Local candidates only: New York, NY 10017 Required experience: relevant experience: 5 years Required education: Bachelor's 	Software Engineer	EyeLock LLC	New York	NY	New York, NY	Indeed	Fri, 06 Nov 2015 18:54:16 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=c5f41bb54caa9491&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1xeE6aGQRf_Z38iZ1OcYgPJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke1ht519u35p7
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Rodale Inc. is currently seeking a Drupal developer, located in our New York office. This position is responsible for developing, testing, implementation and support of external and internal-facing enterprise websites. The candidate must be willing to learn any new tool or technology and take on many roles within the team. This is a hands-on software development position. Rodale reaches over 100 million people globally through multiple distribution channels, including magazines, books, online, mobile, e-commerce, direct-to-consumer, social, and video. With 100 editions in 67 countries, Rodale publishes the largest, most established health and wellness lifestyle magazine brands, including Men's Health, Prevention, Women's Health, Runner's World, Bicycling, Running Times, and Rodale’s Organic Life, and through Rodale Events, LLC, produces 25 branded events that draw more than 100,000 participants annually. Principal Duties and Responsibilities: Technical expert proposing and delivering innovative solutions. Working directly with developers, project managers, systems analysts, infrastructure, application administrators, and database administrators. Immersion with business leaders to cooperatively build Rodale’s strategic direction. Experience and Skills Required: Significant Drupal experience including theming and module development. Drupal to drupal migration and multisite architecture a plus. Significant PHP/mySQL development experience in a Linux environment Base Skills should include CSS, HTML5, XML, JavaScript, jQuery, Ajax, Drush, and PHP. At least five (5) years of experience planning, designing, building, and implementing websites. Experience documenting usability, capacity, performance, reliability, design, implementation, interface, and physical requirements. Must have strong experience in database platforms (Oracle, MySql), and operating systems. Must be able to identify "good-fit" open-source technologies, and demonstrate their adaptation effectively Must be comfortable in code-deployment workflows and source management tools (git, svn, etc.) Must have outstanding ability to listen and communicate (including verbal and written) effectively to internal and external clients &amp; partners. Candidate must have demonstrated track record of building strong, lasting relationships with teams and clients. Candidates should be self-sufficient, intuitive, strong communicators, and have the ability to react quickly in a highly dynamic environment. Creative thinking and problem-solving is a must, as is a strong desire to help drive our organization’s success. Social media platforms and working with user-generated content is highly desirable A passion for technology. About Rodale Inc.: Rodale is the global voice for health and wellness with a mission to inspire and enable people to improve their lives and the world around them. Through a broad portfolio of best-in-class brands, Rodale reaches more than 100 million people globally through multiple distribution channels, including magazines, books, online, mobile, e-commerce, direct-to-consumer, social, and video. With 100 editions in 67 countries, Rodale publishes the largest, most established health and wellness lifestyle magazine brands, including Men's Health, Prevention, Women's Health, Runner's World, Bicycling, Running Times, and Organic Gardening , which will relaunch as Rodale’s Organic Life in 2015, and through Rodale Events, LLC, produces 25 branded events that draw more than 100,000 participants annually. A digital leader in the healthy living space with properties such as Rodale's® , an e-tail store offering healthy products that nurture happiness, protect nature, and help people around the world, the company continues to find new ways to connect with audiences across developing technologies. LI-BD1 Required Skills Required Experience	Software Engineer - Drupal Developer	Rodale Inc.	New York	NY	New York, NY	Rodale Inc.	Fri, 06 Nov 2015 07:51:04 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=6c3685ae613d1638&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1xeE6aGQRf_Z38iZ1OcYgPJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke1ht519u35p7
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	YOU will be joining a world class team of Architects and engineers with excellent interpersonal and organizational skills that also have the ability to manage complex solutions with rapidly changing priorities. You need to be a driven, self-starter that requires minimal supervision and one who is passionate about personal and professional achievement while solving our customers’ complex business problems. BlueMetal is a rapidly growing, nationally recognized award winning business with offices in New York, Boston, and Chicago. We design and build software solutions that exactly meet the client’s needs, today and in the future. WE also imagine, design and develop custom software solutions for companies across many industries including financial services, insurance, healthcare and public sector. We love individuals with entrepreneurial passion who are interested in bringing ideas to market! Our culture is open, honest, modern, fast-paced and fun with passion to succeed at what we do – building the best software for our clients. A successful Associate Software Engineer will be a strong software technologist who enjoys working in a startup environment using agile software design techniques with your team. You will participate in the design and implementation of web and mobile applications with opportunities to work on backend services, cloud infrastructure and database design. Other activities may include some of the following: Assist in requirements gathering by working directly with clients and senior team members to understand and define user personas and stories Review and provide feedback on functional and technical solution design in a way that makes our clients solution(s) engaging and useful Work within a team setting and take ownership of specific development tasks that may include front-end web and mobile, middle-tier or data-tier components Perform benchmarking of our solutions against alternative offerings, perform client experience testing, and contribute to improving our services marketing efforts Contribute to solution maintenance - updates, revisions, and defect resolution Dive in and help solve whatever problem is standing in the way of satisfying our clients Perform unit and integration testing. Help triage issues and participate in the remediation of any defects. Willingness and ability to travel to our client sites is required. Desired Skills and Experience: BS degree in Computer Engineering, Computer Science, Systems Engineering, Mathematics or related technical field Solid foundation in computer science Excellent programming skills in C#. Working knowledge of XAML technology in the context of WinRT, WPF or Windows Phone/Silverlight. Curiosity for mobile and wearable technologies Some coursework or experience with web technologies e.g. HTML, CSS, XML, JQuery, JavaScript and related technologies a plus Exceptional interpersonal skills are a must, as the position includes interactions with client executives and project stakeholders Ability to work in a fast-paced, loosely structured environment Must be a self-starter who can work independently with minimal supervision but also able to work effectively within a team environment Experience with MS Visual Studio and Git a plus Basic understanding of IT technology, computer networking, systems management, monitoring, and data security a plus Willingness and ability to travel to our client sites is required. Benefits We offer a highly competitive and comprehensive employee compensation and benefits package that focuses on what you care about most, including base salary, generous bonus program, medical plan (76% company paid for you and your family), dental, and vision plans (100% company paid for you and your family), FSA, company paid LTD and life insurance coverage and 401(k) plan with company match. About BlueMetal, an Insight company ​ Modern technology, craftsman quality. We’re an interactive design and technology architecture firm matching the most experienced consultants in the industry to the most challenging business and technical problems our clients face. We seek to understand our client’s business strategy and technical foundation to craft solutions that holistically blend architecture, innovation, creative design and strategic vision to exactly meet their needs and ensure their success. Our rapid growth and dynamic work environment will give you a tremendous opportunity to play a critical role in our success! About Insight Insight’s success begins with our people making meaningful connections every day. Our culture lives in our teammates. Insight is looking for great people who will embrace our values of Hunger, Heart and Harmony. Hunger to create new opportunities for our clients. Heart to make a positive impact in people’s lives. Harmony to celebrate each other’s unique contributions to bring solutions to clients. Join us as we work to deliver the best solutions through Intelligent Technology™, the new IT. Global technology provider of IT hardware, software and service solutions Fortune 500 company founded in 1988 5,400 teammates worldwide, operating in 22 countries One of The Valley’s 2015 Healthiest Employers (Phoenix Business Journal) 2015 Dell Healthcare Partner of the Year, 2015 HP PartnerOne Financial Services Partner of the Year, 2014 Cisco Global Architectural Excellence Partner of the Year, Microsoft’s No. 1 Global Licensing Solution Provider Discover more at bluemetal.com or email Careers@bluemetal.com. BlueMetal, an Insight company is an equal opportunity employer, and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, sexual orientation or any other characteristic protected by law.	Associate Software Engineer	BlueMetal Architects	New York	NY	New York, NY	BlueMetal Architects	Sat, 24 Oct 2015 00:43:07 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=2e62e7241dfa2101&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1xeE6aGQRf_Z38iZ1OcYgPJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke1ht519u35p7
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Schoology is one of the fastest growing education technology companies, with more than 12 million users across the world. We are giving educators all the tools they need to more easily personalize education and improve student outcomes, but in a way that works easily with their current systems and teaching approach. We’ve evolved the traditional learning management system into an education cloud: a platform that connects the people, content, and systems that fuel education. Working at Schoology offers you a chance to help solve the most important challenges in education in an environment that’s fun, collaborative and innovative. We are looking for smart, creative individuals who are passionate about education and aren't afraid to show it. Who you’ll be working with: You will be part of an award-winning team developing innovative software that makes an impact on improving education on a global scale. Check out this latest video from our educators on what’s possible with Schoology. What you’ll be working on: Focus on the design, development and implementation of our core testing frameworks on which our development teams will build their automated test suites. These frameworks will separately support our web, mobile, API and operational teams. Beyond the core frameworks, we’ll look to you to articulate the patterns and best practices that our teams utilize when structuring their tests and the test's articulation of the application interface they’re driving. You will proactively identify new automation tools/processes/approaches to create, maintain and improve automated test suites. About you: You have a passion for software engineering, Object-Oriented development and automated testing methodology Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in Computer Science Strong analytical and problem solving skills Excellent communication and cross-team collaboration skills You have Object-Oriented programming (OOP) experience in Java, C++, .NET/C#, JavaScript, PHP or some other modern OO programming language You have experience working with web services (e.g. REST, SOAP) Experience with Git, Gitflow, Peer Review and branching strategies a plus Understanding of Agile principles and practices such as TDD, daily Scrums, and sprint/release planning and execution Bonus points for: Familiarity with BDD concepts (Cucumber, Gherkin) Experience with Selenium WebDriver PHP programming experience At Schoology, we are continuously advancing what is possible in education. You in? Schoology is an Equal Opportunity Employer and embraces diversity of every kind .	Software Development Engineer in Test	Schoology	New York	NY	New York, NY	Schoology	Sat, 07 Nov 2015 05:12:39 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=78a1ddb812fa8b34&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1xeE6aGQRf_Z38iZ1OcYgPJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke1ht519u35p7
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Job Description Responsible for the systematic approach to the development of requirements, design, implementation, test, and maintenance of software components. Foster process improvement Perform tasks according to budget and schedule Uses computer assisted engineering and design software and equipment to perform engineering tasks Prepares status reports, as required. Develop SRS requirements at the CSC-level Develop top-level and detailed designs for Computer Software Component (CSC) (in project’s design tool) based on software requirements Develop code at the CSC-level Generate unit test cases, including definition of required data inputs, outputs and expected testing results Perform modifications/debug code, test procedures, and/or test harnesses Update designs as required based on results of unit testing (i.e. align design to tested code) Define/document interfaces between CSCs Provide detailed information [at the sub-component level] to support resource utilization measurements Participate in others’ peer reviews of CSC and CSCI design and code Required Skills Must have a background that would permit the U.S. Department of Defense to issue a Secret Clearance, which includes US Citizenship. Bachelor’s of Science or graduate degree in computer science or relate filed plus 5-10 years of experience Experience with software development in C, C++ required Real-time embedded systems experience required Experience with full SW development life cycle required Knowledge of DOORS a plus Radar knowledge a plus Experience in developing GUIs and mobile apps a plus Must have excellent communication skills, both verbal and written. We are an Affirmative Action / Equal Employment Opportunity Employer (M/F/D/V). All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, gender, religion, sex, national origin, protected veteran status or any other protected characteristic. Reasonable accommodations may include but are not limited to, that which may enable individuals with disabilities and special disabled veterans to perform the essential functions of this position. Required experience: computer science: 5 years 	Software Engineer II (Farmingdale, NY)	Telephonics	New York	NY	New York, NY	Indeed	Thu, 05 Nov 2015 17:13:58 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=d4148093b01993e1&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1xeE6aGQRf_Z38iZ1OcYgPJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke1ht519u35p7
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	This position is responsible for driving the growth of our automated test suite. Including the selection and/or development of the tool set used to automate the testing of our applications. You will provide and be informed by metrics you develop showing efficacy of the test suite to guide decision making around what to test, how to test, and why. You will work closely with other engineers to help develop their skills in testing their own code in an idiomatic fashion that we can scale as an organization. Job Responsibilities: Build automated test suites that are realistic integration tests and exercise our diverse application set Work with the development teams to prioritize and automate testing Conduct research on emerging technologies and frameworks Research and implement mobile testing solutions for responsive web applications across many devices and browsers Analyze and decompose a complicated software system and design an effective testing strategy Train and mentor other engineering team members on Test Automation methodologies. Use data to drive decisions and help increase coverage on areas in our system prone to regressions Minimum Qualifications: BS in Computer Science or similar field or equivalent technical job experience. 3 years of relevant work experience preferred, including development and/or test automation experience. Preferred Qualifications : BS or Master's degree Computer Science or related field. 3 years of experience using capybara, selenium or some similar scripting Excellent coding skill in Ruby. Experience building automated test suites using Continuous Integration. Solid experience working with JavaScript. Highly proficient in a UNIX/Linux environment. Excellent debugging and troubleshooting skills. Deep knowledge of Internet technologies. Excellent communication and team building skills required. Open to learning new technologies and adaptable to change. 	Software QA Automation Engineer	Chloe + Isabel	New York	NY	New York, NY	Chloe + Isabel	Fri, 06 Nov 2015 02:39:08 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=3b2e858153b95ef2&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXeIHQ5OyeANUCGUSmAm8bO-tz_bwOZdQymYWd0w1otyeJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke1m1018gh5bb
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	TO APPLY: Applications will ONLY be accepted through this link: https://boards.greenhouse.io/bombfell/jobs/71884#.ViFPJbPF-c8 YOU You’re a fast-moving, design-driven engineer. You’re an expert programmer who takes tremendous pride in the quality and efficiency of their code. You want to own your projects and have ambitions to grow to lead a team in the future. You can prioritize and triage your workload with minimal supervision.Above all, you understand that convenience and user experience are paramount with mobile apps and strive to attain UX nirvana. Your applications are smooth and responsive, and it shows in their app store ratings. You’re itching to join a team building a cutting-edge product at the forefront of e-commerce.THE ROLEYou’ll be our first mobile engineer and a foundational member of our mobile efforts. You’ll work closely with the founders, product and design team to improve and evolve our mobile app and integrate the mobile experience with the web app and back-end. You’ll be responsible for all aspects of mobile development, from product definition to technical architecture. The role will encompass both iOS and Android apps. REQUIREMENTS3+ years developing for iOS or AndroidCreated live apps in the App Store/Play StoreSwift/Object-C/Android experienceExperience implementing UI/UXServer-side API programming experience preferredPERKSHealth insurance, dental/vision plus disability insuranceLunch provided every dayMonthly Unlimited Ride MetrocardFree snacks and board gamesQuarterly clothing allowance, plus the ability to purchase clothes at wholesale pricingLots of free smiles from your co-workers 	Software Engineer - Mobile	Bombfell	New York	NY	New York, NY	Indeed	Fri, 06 Nov 2015 21:40:14 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=646e9c2102dd3e77&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXeIHQ5OyeANUCGUSmAm8bO-tz_bwOZdQymYWd0w1otyeJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke1m1018gh5bb
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	DESCRIPTIONWe are seeking talented Software Developers with diverse backgrounds, creative expertise, and technical acumen who will offer new perspectives and challenge conventions. Every Scrum team will have a Software Engineer who gets a thrill out of setting up test frameworks and thrives on quality code. If that's you, let us know and you can take the lead. RESPONSIBILITIES Deliver highly automated, intelligent, and predictive solutions for our client offerings Responsible for building out the core frameworks of the metadata-driven platform being developed in-house, including building out the Source Control Management piece that will allow application developers to have their own isolated development environments Deliver innovative solutions to drive next generation user experiences, designs and technologies Responsible for ensuring the successful transition to a Service Oriented Architecture framework with the help of containers Spearhead POC's on the latest technologies and help ADP choose the right tool for the right job MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS Strong OOP principles, knowledge of various languages such as C#, Java, C++, Ruby on rails, Python Knowledge of one of the JavaScript frameworks such as Angular.js, Backbone.js, Ember.js or React.js Must have experience with browser technologies, JavaScript, CSS3, HTML5 Knowledge of agile development methodology Strong knowledge of data structures, algorithms and run time optimization Degree in Computer Science or related field (In lieu of degree, 4 years of relevant work experience PREFERRED QUALIFICATION Experience with at least one major web development stack, preferably MEAN Technical knowledge of RDBMS or NoSQL Experience with node.js for server-side development Experience with Test Driven Development (TDD) Software in the Cloud. Experts on the Ground: ADP powers the working world with comprehensive solutions that drive business success. Consistently named one of the "Most Admired Companies" by FORTUNE® Magazine, and recognized by Forbes® as one of "The World's Most Innovative Companies," ADP has over a half-million clients around the globe and 65 years of experience as one of the largest providers of human capital management solutions world-wide. At ADP, we believe that diversity fuels innovation. ADP is committed to equal employment opportunities regardless of race, color, genetic information, creed, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, lawful alien status, national origin, age, marital status, non-job related physical or mental disability, or protected veteran status. We support an inclusive workplace where associates excel based on personal merit, qualifications, experience, ability, and job performance. ADP Job ID: 109485	Software Engineer - Titanium	ADP	New York	NY	New York, NY	Automatic Data Processing	Thu, 05 Nov 2015 12:04:17 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=c99c13bb5358ce28&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXeIHQ5OyeANUCGUSmAm8bO-tz_bwOZdQymYWd0w1otyeJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke1m1018gh5bb
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Schoology is one of the fastest growing education technology companies, with more than 12 million users across the world. We are giving educators all the tools they need to more easily personalize education and improve student outcomes, but in a way that works easily with their current systems and teaching approach. We’ve evolved the traditional learning management system into an education cloud: a platform that connects the people, content, and systems that fuel education. Working at Schoology offers you a chance to help solve the most important challenges in education in an environment that’s fun, collaborative and innovative. We are looking for smart, creative individuals who are passionate about education and aren't afraid to show it. What you'll do: Develop high performance, highly scalable web applications. Our web app is used by over 12 million educators, students and parents worldwide. Work on a cross-functional team (we call them “squads”) where you’ll play a critical role in design, planning, development and deployment. Use technical knowledge and creative thinking to provide the most innovative solutions. Bottom line: you’ll have a say in what’s built — we’re not throwing specs over the wall for you to develop on an island. Meet aggressive deadlines in a rapid application development environment. What we'd like: We’re looking for world-class software engineers with proven experience and expertise. The common theme throughout our current team is our passion for the craft — software engineering. Experience and expertise developing in one or more of the following object-oriented languages: PHP, Ruby, Python, Java, GO or node.js Experience developing large-scale web applications — the bigger the better! However, that would not preclude us from interviewing you for the potential to develop them. Experience developing at all levels of the technology stack, with particular focus on the back-end. Experience working with web services (e.g. REST, SOAP) in a highly scalable, highly available environment Deep fundamental understanding of web application technology Strong understanding of basic web skills (HTML, CSS and JavaScript) Superior communications and organization skills — you’re going to be working on a team, so this is essential. Self-motivation as well as ability and desire to learn new technologies, applications, processes, and environments Bonus points for: Interest in growing into a potential technical leadership role. Experience with LAMP-based (Linux-Apache-MySQL-PHP) development Experience working with JavaScript along with patterns and frameworks such as Flux w/ ReactJS, AngularJS, EmberJS, or BackboneJS Familiarity with Laravel Familiarity with Mongo, or Redis At Schoology, we are continuously advancing what is possible in education. You in? Schoology is an Equal Opportunity Employer and embraces diversity of every kind .	Senior Software Engineer - Web Platform	Schoology	New York	NY	New York, NY	Schoology	Sat, 07 Nov 2015 05:12:39 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=f701d6416454e445&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXeIHQ5OyeANUCGUSmAm8bO-tz_bwOZdQymYWd0w1otyeJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke1m1018gh5bb
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Requisition No.: 119480BR Subsidiary: eBay Marketplaces Primary Job Responsibilities: We’re looking for an outstanding front-end engineer to work with the Homepage team in NYC as we redefine the face of eBay. You’ll be working with a world class team of engineers, designers, product managers, and analysts to create great products that make a difference on one of the world’s most trafficked and loved websites. Job Requirements: Primary Job Responsibilities We’re looking for an outstanding front-end engineer to work with the Homepage team in NYC as we redefine the face of eBay. You’ll be working with a world class team of engineers, designers, product managers, and analysts to create great products that make a difference on one of the world’s most trafficked and loved websites. We currently work on the Feed and Today products. The eBay Feed delivers an endless stream of interesting content based on what a customer chooses to follow on eBay. The Today page on the homepage highlights unique items and collections available on the site chosen by our curatorial staff. Our front-end stack currently consists of Java and Spring for our MVC framework, with HTML/LESS/jQuery and vanilla JavaScript in the browser. We are making a switch to use NodeJS and Express, with Marko, LESS, and jQuery. On a day-to-day basis, you’d: Work closely with an experienced product &amp; design team to create beautiful, intuitive experiences in a high-visibility environment Use best practices to write clean, maintainable code for the project, and create a fast, elegant experience for customers Handle service calls efficiently and manage data representation for template rendering Own major projects and features from design phase to coding and testing Develop with an eye towards an internationalized, localized, and accessible experience for eBay customers worldwide We’re located at eBay’s new and growing Chelsea office, where we’ve got some great perks: free lunch on Tuesday, yoga twice a week, plus abundant snacks, a fridge of beer, massages, and old school tabletop entertainment. We’re also the proud hosts of Friends of eBay and several different tech meetups every month, including the MongoDB NYC, Hack and Tell, NYC Python, and MakeIt NYC. We’re a small team that likes to move fast and iterate faster as we deliver future of social commerce. We have a reputation at eBay for being a highly capable, high performing team with incredible talent across the board. We only want to work with the best, and we’d love for you to join us. Job Requirements Expertise in HTML, CSS, and JavaScript Good knowledge of Node Current and detailed knowledge of browser peculiarities and how to work around them Familiarity with source control, particularly Git A constant desire to improve and learn Ability to write reusable and maintainable code Self-motivation and ability to get things done Basic Qualifications Bachelor’s degree and 4+ years of related industry experience (or Master’s and 3+ years) Last Updated: 11/03/2015	Software Engineer	eBay Marketplaces	New York	NY	New York, NY	Ebay	Tue, 03 Nov 2015 21:35:32 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=c7021dc5aa04e8d8&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXeIHQ5OyeANUCGUSmAm8bO-tz_bwOZdQymYWd0w1otyeJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke1m1018gh5bb
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	This role is for a senior Java software engineer to develop, maintain and support proprietary Smart Order Routing systems that trade a significant portion of Cash Equities volume across all global markets. Integrate existing European trading technologies into US markets. Implement quantitative trading models, tactics, and parameters used to control these models. Implement changes to the trading models and tactics as defined by technical specifications provided by Quants. Capture requirements, develop and test changes. Perform direct development-related activities including coding, design, configuration management and support. Work with data structures, algorithms, and network programming. Develop high performance, high availability, high throughout, high capacity, low latency transaction-oriented and distributed Smart Order Routing trading systems. Work effectively with the business and IT teams to provide UBS clients with best trading products and services. Interact with global team across APAC, UK and US regions. Seeking an experienced core application Developer to design, build front office equity trading systems in Java. The candidate will be involved in all steps of SDLC including design, coding, and testing proprietary software for Smart Order Routing systems. Capability to interact with traders, quants, and work in partnership with a development team to deliver cutting edge systems is crucial to success in this role. Basic Qualifications: • 5+ years of experience working on core Java (J2SE) applications • Proficient in development on Linux platforms • Sound understanding of fundamental computer science concepts • Experience with multithreaded and socket programming • Bachelors Degree in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Mathematics, Physics or related technical fields • Excellent communication and team working skills Preferred Qualifications: • Good mathematical ability • Practical experience and understanding of Cash Equities Trading • Prior experience with financial markets, algorithms, volume and pricing models to discern algorithmic predictions • Experience in agile development practices • Quick-thinking, intelligent, pragmatic, with a love of problem-solving. • Ability to quickly translate requirements into sound technical designs. • Ability to work well under pressure, prioritize work, and be well organized • Self-motivated, enjoy working as part of a team What we offer UBS offers talented individuals around the world a challenging, diverse and supportive working environment in which passion, commitment and hard work are valued and rewarded. Why UBS? Watch the video	Software Engineer	UBS	New York	NY	New York, NY	UBS	Tue, 03 Nov 2015 18:46:01 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=c1700987fa80d36e&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXeIHQ5OyeANUCGUSmAm8bO-tz_bwOZdQymYWd0w1otyeJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke1m1018gh5bb
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Requisition No.: 119472BR Subsidiary: eBay Marketplaces Primary Job Responsibilities: We are seeking a highly motivated Software Engineer, who can contribute in the role of Quality Engineering. You will be working on the Ads and Merch Team in delivering best in class experiences to our customers. This position requires the candidate to collaborate with folks in other disciplines, specifically Product Management and Product Development but also with User Experience Design, Analytics and Business. The candidate is expected to be a self-starter and team player, and a strong driver for results and continuous improvement. Job Requirements: Responsibilities include own quality engineering for assigned product features. The strategy would first identify key aspects from a test perspective and then answer questions like how, when and where these key aspects will be applied (automation, scripts, manual). Define overall test strategy for assigned features Estimate testing effort, prioritize projects, plan implementations and help rollout changes Define automation strategy and ensure testability Write best in class code to automate testing for your assigned feature areas Develop deep understanding of the product, engineering processes, tools and concepts in order to effectively narrow down defects. Ability to not only find a defect but also to narrow it down to the root cause This position does manual testing as well Participates in test design and test systems architecture discussions, proposes and discusses solutions to system and product changes that are related to domain area Document defects effectively and work with Development team to triage and troubleshoot defects Participate in product and technology initiatives and recommend improvements Work with other QE engineers, product managers, and product developers to ensure that product specifications describe innovative solutions that meet market needs with respect to functionality, performance, scalability, and reliability, and result in achievable implementation schedules and a product that meets agreed-upon quality standards Identify process, technology challenges and deficiencies that need to be addressed and drive those changes to successful adoption Identify project risks, dependencies and be able to provide alternatives yielding reduced risk List and describe the essential responsibilities of the position for which the individual is held accountable Last Updated: 11/03/2015	Software Engineer 2 QE	eBay Marketplaces	New York	NY	New York, NY	Ebay	Wed, 04 Nov 2015 03:36:16 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=a4d905238a8a4a18&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXeIHQ5OyeANUCGUSmAm8bO-tz_bwOZdQymYWd0w1otyeJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke1m1018gh5bb
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Job Description IBM Watson Group is a leading-edge start-up business within IBM, charged with ushering in the new era of cognitive computing. Watson mirrors the same cognitive processes as humans with the ability to ingest massive amounts of unstructured data. At IBM Watson Group, we’re transforming a range of industries and professions from medical research and diagnosis to investment guidance and customer service. IBM Watson Group has the speed and agility of a start-up with the resources and expertise that the broader IBM Corporation brings. IBM was recognized in 2014 as the first company to exceed 7,000 patents in a year and ranked as #1 on the U.S. Patent list for the 22nd consecutive year. We are seeking candidates who value collaboration and working with speed and dedication to every client’s success. Responsibilities: Build elegant software solutions, customer centric products and utilize agile development processes Architect and develop new cognitive services delivered with a cloud-first methodology Architect and develop new cloud platform components that can be used by other cognitive services in their delivery Attributes needed in the following areas: Service Oriented Architecture (SOA) design/implementation Large scale systems design/implementation Software as a Service (SaaS) offerings Cloud computing Service registration and discovery Demonstrated affinity to concepts such as multi-processing, parallel processing, and/or virtualization Systems development Java distributed computing Scale-out computing Linux development Experience with the following is preferred: Systems and performance engineering Continuous delivery Systems and Servers i.e., WebSphere server, Domino or Operating Systems Java web application development: WebSphere based development of front end and back end solutions - Java, jQuery, Dojo, CSS, Ajax, Representational State Transfer (REST), Java Management Extensions (JMX), Servlets, SQL DevOps Multi-tenancy design and implementation Some of our office locations include: New York NY, Yorktown Heights NY, Littleton MA, Pittsburgh PA, Raleigh NC, Austin TX, Dublin OH, Rochester MN, San Jose CA. Qualifications null Additional Information null	Blue Spark - Watson Software Engineer/Cloud Developer	IBM	New York	NY	New York, NY	IBM	Sun, 01 Nov 2015 03:05:44 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=dc48510778d2fe5c&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXeIHQ5OyeANUCGUSmAm8bO-tz_bwOZdQymYWd0w1otyeJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke1m1018gh5bb
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Mediamorph is looking for an experienced Lead Software Engineer to join our team in our NY office. Our cloud-based distribution management platform is being used by leading Entertainment companies to help them operate more efficiently with greater visibility and control in the new world of Digital Distribution. The ideal candidate will be a well-rounded and self-motivated developer who has a proven history of leading a small software development team as well as developing robust and highly-stable applications. You should be capable of going from high-level concepts and requirements to designing, developing and implementing the desired functionality. If you’re passionate about building the next wave of products around digital media and content, this role is for you. Responsibilities: Lead a small team of engineers in software design and implementation. Design, develop, and maintain applications used to improve and enhance the applications’ workflows. Collaborate with cross-functional teams and clients to create innovative solutions. Mentor junior members. Create requirement specifications, design documentation, and system documentation. Drive projects independently from beginning to end, including design, development, testing, and deployment Qualifications/Requirements BS in Computer Science or Equivalent Experience. 2+ years in software development leadership role. 5 + years development experience using object oriented design, ideally Java and a strong working knowledge of design patterns and modern frameworks 5+ years experience in building SaaS Platforms or Service Delivery Platforms Strong background in developing re-usable platform software Experience developing in an Agile software engineering environment. Desired Skills: Experience with our technology stack: PostgreSQL, Python, JavaScript, MongoDB, and HTML5 Ability to independently research and evaluate technologies, tools, and solutions Strong communication, presentation, and leadership skills Working knowledge of core java concepts such as concurrency, serialization, as well as JVM memory model is helpful. Compensation: Mediamorph pays a competitive base salary and full medical and dental benefits. A key additional component of your compensation plan will be in equity whose value will grow as the result of your efforts. Mediamorph is based in New York City with offices in Los Angeles and London. We invite you to visit our website for more information at www.mediamorph.com ( http://www.mediamorph.com/ ).	Lead Software Engineer	Mediamorph	New York	NY	New York, NY	Mediamorph	Tue, 03 Nov 2015 10:35:00 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=94416a1409678b76&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXeIHQ5OyeANUCGUSmAm8bO-tz_bwOZdQymYWd0w1otyeJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke1m1018gh5bb
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	American Express is looking for highly energetic Software Engineers to create a new team that is nimble and creative with the power to shape our technology and product roadmap. Engineers that join our Engineering team will be part of a fast-paced, entrepreneurial team responsible for delivering the primary platforms supporting Financial Underwriting of commercial business units to right-size customers spend capacity across all of their existing accounts. This also supports Global Corporate Payments (GCP) On-boarding and Customer Management Risk functions, while also supporting enterprise wide Commercial Rating across all whole sale portfolios. Software Engineers design, develop, troubleshoot, debug, evaluate, modify, deploy and document software and systems for customer-facing applications, business applications, and/or internal end user applications. You will be challenged with identifying innovative ideas and Minimum Viable Products (MVPs) to deliver against the existing and future needs of our customers. Job Responsibilities: • Analyze requirements/ user stories to appropriately support design activities • Perform all technical aspects of software development for assigned applications including, developing prototypes and writing new code / API's • Function as an active member of an agile team through consistent development practices (tools, common components, and documentation) • Produce software builds from software source code • Conduct integration tests as defined in the test specifications, including event logging and reporting of results • Perform unit and assembly testing of software components including the design, implementation, evaluation, and execution of unit and assembly test scripts • Conduct code reviews and tests of automated build scripts • Debug software components, identifies, fixes and verifies remediation of code defects (own work and the work of others) • Identify opportunities to adopt innovative technologies • Provides continuous support for ongoing production application availability • Write instructions to guide computer operators during production runs • Work with product owners to prioritize features for ongoing sprints and manage a list of technical requirements based on industry trends, new technologies, known defects, and issues Offer of employment with American Express is conditioned upon the successful completion of a background verification check, subject to applicable laws and regulations. Qualifications Qualifications: • BS or MS degree in computer science, computer engineering, or other technical discipline, or equivalent work experience • 2-6 years of software development experience • Experience in JEE (JSP, Servlets, EJB, XML, Java), .Net, Oracle and/or DB2 and MS/SQL • Experience in Websphere or Weblogic Application Server • Pega Certification Preferred (e.g. Pega CSA, CSSA) • Experience with PegaRULES Process Commander (PRPC) System • Pega Certification Preferred (e.g. Pega CSA, CSSA) • Demonstrated experience in Agile development, application design, software development, and testing • A proven hunger to learn new technologies and translate them into working software • Ability to effectively communicate with internal and external business partners • Expertise in Object Oriented techniques and principles • Relevant Industry experience, e.g. Payments, Travel is a plus American Express is an equal opportunity employer and makes employment decisions without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, disability status, or any other status protected by law. Click here to view the "EEO is the Law" poster. If the link does not work, please copy and paste the following URL in a new browser window: http://www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/ofccpost.htm . ReqID: 15018276	Software Engineer - PEGA	American Express	New York	NY	New York, NY	American Express	Tue, 03 Nov 2015 23:57:29 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=93d9be34f547e5de&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXeIHQ5OyeANUCGUSmAm8bO-tz_bwOZdQymYWd0w1otyeJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke1m1018gh5bb
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	WeWork is the community of creators. We provide the space, community and services our members need to create their life's work. WeWork’s mission is to create a world where people work to make a life, not just a living. We’re a group of entrepreneurial, grateful individuals who instill the idea of working better together in everything that we do. Our success is the result of our collaboration: talented and outstanding team members who always challenge convention. We have over 20,000 members in our community that spans cities around the world. We transform buildings into beautiful, collaborative workspaces and provide infrastructure, services, events and technology so our members can focus on doing what they love. Our members thrive in communities online. Our ability to aggregate their needs enables us to offer them a variety of support services at a value that would otherwise be unavailable to them. We always go the extra mile to help them in their effort to build sustainable businesses and successful lives. Our hunger for building great spaces, empowering small businesses and connecting interesting people hasn’t yet begun to be satisfied. We are just getting started. Our values guide who we are and everything that we do. Inspired We do what we love and are connected to something greater than ourselves. Entrepreneurial We are creators, leaders and self-starters. We try new things; we challenge convention; and we’re not afraid to fail. Authentic We are genuine to our brand, mission and values. We’re not perfect and we don’t pretend to be. We are, though, always honest and as transparent as we can be. Tenacious We never settle. We get sh*t done and we get it done well. Be persistent and knock down walls – literally if you have to. You have our permission. Grateful We are grateful for each other, our members, and to be part of this movement. We don’t take success for granted. We’re happy to be alive. Together We are in this together. This is a team effort. We always look out for one another. We have empathy; we know we’re all human, and know we can’t do any of this alone. About the Role WeWork is looking for experienced and passionate software and firmware engineers in the area of physical computing who will thrive in a small, focused and fast moving team. As a part of the R&amp;D department and a member of the Physical Technology team, you will work closely with the Physical and Digital Product departments delivering products that bridge the physical and digital worlds. The purpose of these products is to continue to enhance the WeWork Member experiences, as well as offering valuable insight into the behavior and usage of our physical locations. Strong communication skills and a desire to be involved in all aspects of the product life-cycle are a must. Strong problem solving skills, creative thinking and dealing with ambiguity are skills that we value. The ability to work effectively alone or in a small agile team is critical to the success of our team. Experience with physical hardware, product design, IoT (Internet of Things), connected devices and embedded systems are extremely valuable skills. You should be comfortable producing prototypes for the purpose of research as well as enterprise grade software deployed in production, understand the difference between both, and be able to engineer for value in both scenarios. Our technology stack is defined by the specific solution we are implementing. We frequently build on top of hardware devices and hardware vendor API’s and SDK’s. We define physical technology products as the software and connected hardware devices service layer, that support our business and member facing digital interfaces. Responsibilities Design, architect and implement physical technology products Guide the technical direction of our server-side and related connected device firmware and software applications Document the service architecture in order to support internal integrations for digital interfaces and business analytics Support the healthy growth of our team by being a leader and providing mentorship to new team members Write clean, DRY and modular code, providing proper documentation when necessary Extend the tools and capabilities of the team to support the ability to perform rapid prototyping Requirements 3-5+ years programming in one or more of: Javascript, Go, C/C++, Python, Java, C# Experience using database technologies: PostgreSQL, MariaDB, MongoDB Experience using embedded systems and physical computing Experience using electronics, micro-controllers, sensors and serial connections Experience with cloud platforms (Amazon Web Services, Google App Engine, Microsoft Azure) Staying up-to-date on the latest in the IoT space a plus Personality You have the vision and discipline to see a product through from start to finish You are a generalist with at least one area of expertise You will thrive in a small, agile team and are capable of working solo or as a team member You will mentor other team members when necessary You work hard and don’t need significant oversight from management You enjoy variety in your project work, and take pride in whatever the task is at at hand 	Physical Computing Software Engineer	WeWork	New York	NY	New York, NY	WeWork	Wed, 04 Nov 2015 17:51:58 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=9f7d295473464e8f&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXeIHQ5OyeANUCGUSmAm8bO-tz_bwOZdQymYWd0w1otyeJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke1m1018gh5bb
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Our society thrives when there is flow: plumbing, highways, electricity pylons, fiber optic cables and information. The free-flow of utilities, goods, services, talent, and knowledge allows for stability and efficient decision-making. Industry by industry, we have upgraded the basic infrastructure required for this kind of flow. But one industry that has been dramatically left behind is global agriculture. Within agriculture, blockages of information and knowledge create adverse consequences across the agricultural value chain. Increased flow of capital is inhibited, policy decisions are reactive and often uninformed, robust logistics and distribution networks are nonexistent, and we have a vast mismatch of 'ground truths'. Gro Intelligence is turning on the flow of information across the agricultural ecosystem by building products that change the way the world understands agriculture. Through Clews, our web-based data platform, Gro offers the promise of aggregated, standardized, contextualized, analytics for every stakeholder -- from a commodities trader in New York to a policymaker in Ethiopia. We are building the needed knowledge infrastructure, that then allows for new agricultural businesses to emerge, unlocks innovation across the industry, and helps progress toward a future of cheap and abundant food for everyone. Gro Intelligence is at an exciting time of hyper-growth with our US headquarters in New York City and international headquarters in Nairobi, Kenya. Our global team is smart, hard working, ambitious—and growing! We’re looking for outstanding and collaborative leaders to join our engineering team. Software Engineer We are hiring an experienced Software Engineer to join our US headquarters in New York City to: Develop original computational models to predict agricultural and environmental performance and conditions using geospatial, weather, crop, trade, and pricing data. Develop systems and techniques for very large scale computations Work with scientists, analysts and engineers to integrate local and sector specific factors and work closely with specialists in the field to further internal product development and external collaborations Do original research on machine learning models and algorithms, working with closely with research scientists Understand and contribute to the advancement of the state of the art in academic and industry research Skills: Experience with “big data” computation (parallel processing, distributed storage) Strong computer science fundamental (data structures and algorithms) Strong understanding of statistics, mathematics Experience with natural language processing Ability to work in Python, Java, C++ Familiarity with statistical modeling tools (R, MatLab) Ability to work collaboratively with team members across functional roles and strong communication and leadership skills. Passion for solving high impact problems with data driven tools. Educational requirements/experience: 3+ years related experience Graduate degree in Engineering, Computer Science, Math, Statistics, Physics or related field Character traits we value: Smart, excellent problem solving skills Curious, love for turning ideas into reality Productive, self motivated Creative, collaborative, diligent Strong attention to detail with ability to understand the big picture Learner, interested in new skills and adapting to new technologies Ability to work with geographically distributed and culturally diverse team Speak to you soon!	Software Engineer	Gro Intelligence	New York	NY	New York, NY	Gro Intelligence	Thu, 05 Nov 2015 10:09:16 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=42d91abb8c317c9c&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXeIHQ5OyeANUCGUSmAm8bO-tz_bwOZdQymYWd0w1otyeJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke1m1018gh5bb
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	· Serving as a core member of an agile team that drives user story analysis and elaboration, designs and develops software applications, and tests and builds automation tools · Owning all technical aspects of software development (architecture, design and development of systems) for assigned applications · Performing hands-on software development, typically spending about 75% of time writing code, doing proof of concepts, conducting code reviews and testing in ongoing sprints · Driving consistent development practices - tools and common components · Developing deep understanding of tie-ins with other systems and platforms within the supported domains · Working with technical product managers contributing to blueprints, and assisting with annual planning of feature sets · Identifying exciting opportunities for adopting new technology to solve existing needs and predicting future challenges Offer of employment with American Express is conditioned upon the successful completion of a background verification check, subject to applicable laws and regulations. Qualifications This high energy Engineer must have: · 6 + years of software development experience, and preferably a BS or MS degree in computer science, computer engineering, or other technical discipline · Thorough understanding of web development and experience with Angular.js and Node.js (Required). · Experience with HTML 5 and CSS (Required). · Demonstrated experience in Agile development, application design, software development, and testing · Modifies and/or debugs in house developed applications. · Prepares and modifies technical documentation for system software applications. · Experience with a broad range of software languages and payments technologies is a plus · Expertise in objected oriented analysis and design across a variety of platforms · A proven hunger to learn new technologies and translate them into working software · Ability to effectively communicate to internal and external business partners on solution design American Express is an equal opportunity employer and makes employment decisions without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, disability status, or any other status protected by law. Click here to view the "EEO is the Law" poster. ReqID: 15018199	Software Engineer- Angular/Node	American Express	New York	NY	New York, NY	American Express	Mon, 02 Nov 2015 23:55:00 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=1e11073b6117b83f&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXeIHQ5OyeANUCGUSmAm8bO-tz_bwOZdQymYWd0w1otyeJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke1m1018gh5bb
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Shutterstock has a highly driven and innovative engineering team, deploying and rolling out new features to its customers multiple times a day through continuous development and integration. We are looking for a innovative and quality driven Software Engineer in Test to be a part of this engineering team. Responsibilities: Be a part of stand alone engineering/product teams, working closely with other engineers, product managers and visual designers in rolling out enhancements/new features Work on key features across shutterstock.com, offset.com, bigstock.com and skillfeed.com (Both web and mobile) Build out automation frameworks to help integrate automated tests seamlessly into current development process. Drive quality across team by constantly building easy-to-use test frameworks and influencing developers to move towards test driven development. Work with real world problems faced in scaling the business, suggest innovations/enhancements and work with team in implementing and rolling them out. Basic Qualifications: Education: Bachelors Degree (or higher) in Computer Science or related field. Minimum of 3 years of experience in software testing and software development Proficient in one of the following - Ruby, PHP, Java, C#, C, C++ Strong hold over computer science fundamentals Solid grounding in computer science fundamentals, Algorithms and Data Structures Knowledge of Web Architecture or Mobile Technologies Unix and/or Linux; Unix tools and basic Unix scripting languages Preferred Qualifications: Proficient in building web applications or mobile apps Knowledge of open source technologies Experience with automation frameworks such as selenium, cucumber, Robotium 	Software Development Engineer in Test (SDET)	Shutterstock	New York	NY	New York, NY	Shutterstock	Thu, 05 Nov 2015 19:45:07 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=e0c5e442fbb891bd&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXeIHQ5OyeANUCGUSmAm8bO-tz_bwOZdQymYWd0w1otyeJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke1m1018gh5bb
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	A Software Engineer in Automation delights in never doing something by hand more than once. JW Player is looking for a talented Software Engineer experienced in building test automation frameworks, and automation of the build and deploy process. This role will embed on the Data Team and will be focused on automation of Big Data products. In this role, you will: Collaborate with development teams to understand how development changes impact ongoing automation efforts Automate the build and deployment process for the Data Team Build full-stack automated test frameworks Develop automated tests to validate Big Data solutions (1-2 Terabytes per day) Take an active role in increasing the percentage of automated versus manual test cases Work as part of a scrum team in an agile environment Requirements Experience with CI/CD solutions (Jenkins, Hudson, Bamboo, etc …) Experience with automated test frameworks (Selenium, Cucumber, Python UnitTest, Robot, etc…) Skilled in analyzing requirements &amp; acceptance criteria, determining new test cases that should be created and identifying regression test cases to be updated Ability to learn new technologies, tools, and processes quickly Bonus Points Experience with load testing frameworks (Bees with Machine Guns, Locust.io) Experience with Big Data technologies (Kafka, Hadoop, Hive, Storm, Trident, etc…) Experience with DevOps automation frame works (Salt, Ansible, Puppet, Chef, etc…) Familiarity with HTML5, JavaScript, and CSS You’ve held a developer role in the past Familiarity with test-driven development (TDD), unit tests, and behavior-driven development (BDD). Company Description JW Player is a global market leader and well-known brand in online video, powering video playback for over a billion unique users across millions of websites every month. We are a known driver of innovation in the online video space, allowing you to explore new technologies such as Chromecast, HLS/DASH, HTML5/CSS3 and cross-platform frameworks. Our flagship product, the JW Player, is deployed on over 2 million websites and streams billions of videos each month. Started in 2008 as the world’s first open source video player, today the company’s customers span the globe across 193 countries and range from Fortune 500 companies to individual bloggers. We’re busy innovating for the future by actively hiring smart, motivated, and innovation-driven people! Come help us imagine and define what comes next! jwplayer.com/careers ( http://www.jwplayer.com/company/careers/ )	Software Engineer	JW Player	New York	NY	New York, NY	JW Player	Tue, 03 Nov 2015 13:07:00 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=24b4013aeee3d5d9&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXeIHQ5OyeANUCGUSmAm8bO-tz_bwOZdQymYWd0w1otyeJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke1m1018gh5bb
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Are you a passionate software engineer interested in a ground-floor role with a fast growing startup? Led by two experienced and successful entrepreneurs, Greenhouse is fast-paced, creative, and passionate about building great products. We are looking to hire Associate Software Engineers here in our New York office. You will work as a core member of the development team, evangelizing for best practices, ensuring quality, scalability, and security while helping us to gracefully handle "hockey-stick" growth. This is an excellent opportunity to get in on the ground floor at a VC-backed SaaS startup with great traction, revenue and customers. If you thrive in an entrepreneurial startup environment and value working with outstanding teams to create delightful products, you might be a great fit for this position. Greenhouse engineers use a variety of programming languages and tools to get the job done. Associate Software Engineers usually have strong knowledge and experience in one or more of the technologies in the Greenhouse toolkit: Functional &amp; OO programming in Ruby Javascript, Angular and other JS libraries Responsive SASS, and semantic HTML Modeling and optimization in PostgreSQL Why apply for this job? You'll work with an amazing team You'll have the chance to learn programming on both sides of the stack from the front end to the server side You'll deploy to prod at least once per week You are: Team-oriented: you code with other engineers in mind, you provide constructive feedback, you help others Pragmatic: you strive for excellence in everything you do, you are constantly learning and looking for better ways to solve challenges At least occasionally sarcastic: work is better when jokes, memes and occasional 90s references are involved Awesome: Greenhouse engineers take pride in their work and the work of their team. The team contributes to Greenhouse's culture and diversity initiatives, we started weekly white boarding sessions to teach each other new technology, and we frequently host board game nights and lunch outings You should have: A four-year CS degree or a four-year combination of education and work experience Internship experience is helpful Solid Javascript fundamentals Experience with Ruby or experience with another dynamically typed programming language Experience with Rails or another web based MVC framework A genuine interest in startups and Greenhouse as a company Pay, perks &amp; such: At Greenhouse, we take care of our employees. We provide competitive salaries, stock options and a full slate of benefits including health coverage, an FSA, a 401K plan and pre-tax commuter benefits. We also have a flexible vacation policy and sponsor seasonal sports leagues (kickball fans rejoice!). Perks include catered lunches on Mondays, fully-stocked pantries and great desk gear to help you get your job done. We pride ourselves on company get-togethers like Feelings Fridays and our quarterly All Hands meetings, which reinforces our culture of collaboration and connectivity. Most of us are located in our NYC headquarters in Union Square, and we’ve got a pretty stellar team out in San Fran as well. We're transforming the way companies hire. We're also on quite the hiring spree ourselves. Since its founding in 2012, Greenhouse has doubled in size every six months. We’ve grown our customer base by 500% in the last year alone and also raised $60MM from top VC firms to help fuel our hyper-growth. Greenhouse’s core values and culture are built around being effective, authentic, customer-focused, open-minded, collaborative, and ambitious. Every Greenhouse employee has a direct impact on the growth and direction of our business. Our founding philosophy is to empower ourselves and each other to do the best work of our careers.	Associate Software Engineer	Greenhouse	New York	NY	New York, NY	Greenhouse	Wed, 04 Nov 2015 06:48:14 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=73cb86fd7af1a4c1&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXeIHQ5OyeANUCGUSmAm8bO-tz_bwOZdQymYWd0w1otyeJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke1m1018gh5bb
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	At SSG we have brought together some of the world’s brightest traders, researchers, and technologists to collaborate and solve some of the most intellectually stimulating and technically challenging problems faced in any industry. Our cross discipline team holds degrees in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Math, Physics, and Statistics. We share ideas and collaborate to maximize our differing experiences and backgrounds. Our team finds inspiration everywhere, including academia and parallel industries, sparking our next great ideas. As a core developer you will focus on building scalable solutions for handling a variety of data, where optimization and speed are at the heart of our systems. We write highly performant systems using a mixture of tried and true methods (C/C++), and we constantly evaluate newer technologies and the open source communities that support them. Are you driven by your desire to build and constantly improve high performance systems? Are you interested in the technological challenges of building systems that are able to swiftly gather information from data sources all across the globe and writing the software that enables researchers and traders? Are you grounded by your pragmatism? Do you hold yourself accountable, while working well with others? If so, we want to speak with you. Necessary Skills * Bachelor’s or advanced degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or Electrical Engineering. * Experience writing performance optimized code using object oriented programming in C++ * Strong background in data structures and algorithms. * Experience writing low level software and expertise in threading * Extensive experience in distributed systems and parallel processing * Excellent communication	Software Engineer	Summit Securities Group	New York	NY	New York, NY	Summit Securities Group	Wed, 04 Nov 2015 16:56:13 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=a45e0a20c654ab48&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXeIHQ5OyeANUCGUSmAm8bO-tz_bwOZdQymYWd0w1otyeJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke1m1018gh5bb
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Position Description The S&amp;P Capital IQ Intelligent Systems team is looking for a software engineer, natural language processing, to develop and apply algorithms and data in these areas. This involves cutting edge machine learning and statistical pattern recognition on large text corpora, as well as the use of natural-language processing in software, including design, implementation, algorithms, correctness, and performance. Responsibilities Apply machine learning, collaborative filtering, NLP, and deep learning methods to news, financial analysis reports, and user activity logs. Prototype new algorithms, evaluate with small scale experiments, and later productionize solutions at scale. Collaborate with a cross functional agile team of software engineers, data engineers, ML experts, and others to build new product features Help drive optimization, testing and tooling to improve data quality Iterate on recommendation quality through continuous A/B testing Qualifications Ph.D. or M.Sc. in Machine Learning, AI, Mathematics, or applied statistical study or related field preferred You have experience implementing machine learning systems at scale in Java, Scala, Python or similar (not just R or Matlab) You care about agile software processes, data-driven development, reliability, and responsible experimentation 2+ years’ real world experience applying models to real life problems. You preferably have experience with data processing and storage frameworks like Hadoop, Scaling, Spark, Storm, Cassandra, Kafka, etc. About S&amp;P Capital IQ and McGraw Hill Financial S&amp;P Capital IQ is a leading provider of multi-asset class and real time data, analytics, and analytics. A career at S&amp;P Capital IQ puts you in a position to be essential to institutional investors, investment advisors and wealth managers around the world. Learn more at http://www.mhfi.com/careers/our-brands/sp-capital-iq McGraw Hill Financial includes Standard &amp; Poor’s Ratings Services, S&amp;P Capital IQ, S&amp;P Dow Jones Indices, J.D. Power and Platts. Together, we’re the foremost providers of essential intelligence for the capital and commodities markets. McGraw Hill Financial is an equal opportunity employer committed to making all employment decisions on the basis of merit, capability and equality of opportunity, and without regard to race/ethnicity, gender, pregnancy, gender identity or expression, color, creed, religion, national origin, age, disability, marital status (including domestic partnerships and civil unions), sexual orientation, military veteran status, unemployment status, or any other basis prohibited by federal, state or local law, or any other characteristic that has no bearing on a person’s ability to perform his or her job. Only electronic job submissions will be considered for employment. If you need an accommodation during the application process due to a disability, please send an email to aapteam@mhfi.com. and your request will be forwarded to the appropriate person. The EEO is the Law Poster http://www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/pdf/eeopost.pdf describes discrimination protections under federal law.	Software Engineer - Intelligent Systems	S&P CAPITAL IQ	New York	NY	New York, NY	McGraw Hill Financial	Tue, 03 Nov 2015 05:12:58 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=20fbe0db800249ae&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXeIHQ5OyeANUCGUSmAm8bO-tz_bwOZdQymYWd0w1otyeJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke1m1018gh5bb
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	American Express TRS seeks a Senior Software Engineer to develop and test, among others, big data software, including ongoing refactoring of code and drive continuous improvement in code structure and quality. Work would involve writing code, API specifications, conducting code review and testing in ongoing sprints. Drive proof of concepts and the usage of automation tools. Function as a core member of an Agile team driving user story analysis and elaboration, design, and development of software applications. Work on specific platforms and products or as part of a dynamic resource pool assigned to projects based on demand and business priority. Qualifications Position requires a Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or a related technical field, followed by 5 years of progressively responsible experience with application design, software development, and automated testing. Experience must include collaborating with the business to drive business and data requirements as well as interpreting technical and business objectives/challenges and develop appropriate solutions. Demonstrated experience with J2EE frameworks, including Springs/ Struts, and complex database concepts, including join strategy, performance optimization, and compression, is required. Experience with TOGAF and SOA architecture design concepts, and application deployment and configuration of web servers is required. Job location: New York, New York. American Express is an equal opportunity employer and makes employment decisions without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, disability status, or any other status protected by law. Click here to view the “ EEO is the Law ” poster. If the link does not work, please copy and paste the following URL in a new browser window: http://www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/ofccpost.htm ReqID: 15015954	Senior Software Engineer	American Express	New York	NY	New York, NY	American Express	Mon, 02 Nov 2015 15:58:00 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=857baef288e08e43&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXeIHQ5OyeANUCGUSmAm8bO-tz_bwOZdQymYWd0w1otyeJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke1m1018gh5bb
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	As a full stack engineer specializing in systems development, you’ll build the core technologies essential to Blackstone’s business. You’ll work with other engineers and Business analysts to design, build, and deploy the beating heart of BXII’s suite of applications. You’ll tackle a variety of problems ranging from optimizing data retrieval performance to scaling out infrastructure or bringing complex systems together. · Develop services and web pages using C# and ASP.NET MVC · Lead and participate in technical and operations reviews · Create and manage automated deployments · Build and share reusable components · Grow the team by sharing your specialized skills Qualifications: · A B.S. in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or similar · A desire to learn and adapt to new technologies · A self-starting, entrepreneurial attitude · Strong object oriented programming experience in any language · Uses the right tools for the job · SQL Server or other database technology experience · A desire to keep improving · Capacity to manage humans and code · Smart, gets things done Additional skills: · Experience with dependency injection · Experience supporting IIS in a production environment · Experience using source control (We use Git) · Experience automating deployments (We use Team City for one click builds) All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, disability, sexual orientation, national origin or any other category protected by law.	Innovations - Software Engineer	Blackstone	New York	NY	New York, NY	Blackstone	Tue, 03 Nov 2015 06:53:25 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=80e5fe6723ceb957&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXeIHQ5OyeANUCGUSmAm8bO-tz_bwOZdQymYWd0w1otyeJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke1m1018gh5bb
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Job Description Ready to change the way the world works? IBM Watson uses Cognitive Computing to tackle some of humanity's most challenging problems - like revolutionizing how doctors research cancer or transforming how businesses engage with their customers. We have an exciting opportunity to join our highly visible Watson Genomic Analytics team, responsible for building genomic solutions using the Watson technology. As a Cognitive Software Engineer, the candidate will be responsible for applying Natural Language Processing (NLP) techniques to extract information from unstructured medical data and create structured data sets that integrate into cognitive systems. The candidate will also design, develop and maintain machine learning models that focus on big data in the healthcare industry. Working knowledge and familiarity of various statistical machine learning models are essential. At the same time, the candidate should be an open minded and innovative hacker who uses basic mathematical and statistical thinking to solve complex problems. The candidate will be exposed to some of the latest tools and technologies and leading edge experts within the field of cognitive computing. Interested in being a part of the new era of cognitive computing? IBM Watson is now a full-service IBM business unit with software, systems, research, and industry experts all working together to bring cognitive computing to the market. Watson technology aims to revolutionize how industries use big data and analytics to engage with their customers, conduct research, make informed decisions, and many other critical business functions. Headquartered in New York’s “Silicon Alley” our newest business group is looking to leverage the talents of many professionals just like you. Qualifications null Additional Information null	Watson Genomics Cognitive Software Engineer – Natural Language Process	IBM	New York	NY	New York, NY	IBM	Sun, 01 Nov 2015 03:06:03 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=8a299b285b506650&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXeIHQ5OyeANUCGUSmAm8bO-tz_bwOZdQymYWd0w1otyeJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke1m1018gh5bb
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Kitchensurfing empowers people to eat together and to eat purposefully by bringing personal chefs into their home kitchens. The Role: As a Senior Software Engineer/Architect at Kitchensurfing you will assume a key role on the engineering team by leading feature development as well as helping to plan and execute technical strategy, and mentoring junior engineers. In addition to being a strong generalist in architectural design and code implementation you will also be responsible for specific areas of technical ownership. We're committed to code quality and productivity, and with those values in mind we practice test-driven development and continuous integration in a Rails/JS/iOS environment. You: 5-7+ years of experience developing software Strong command of some or all of the technologies we use every day: Ruby on Rails, JavaScript, HTML/CSS Deep domain experience in web development Know what good code and architecture look like, and furthermore desire to lead by example Enumerate and carefully consider technical and business tradeoffs, and have a track record of making smart decisions Team player with a strong sense of individual accountability and awareness Native iOS development experience a plus 	Senior Software Engineer / Architect	Kitchensurfing	New York	NY	New York, NY	Kitchensurfing	Wed, 04 Nov 2015 06:49:18 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=b8e698af3b0c318b&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXeIHQ5OyeANUCGUSmAm8bO-tz_bwOZdQymYWd0w1otyeJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke1m1018gh5bb
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Principal Software Engineer – Sitecore CMS DigitasLBi is a highly-caffeinated playground where brilliant minds come together to make bold, award-winning advertising. We use data-driven insights to guide our work, but we also believe in a healthy dose of spirited storytelling. Paving the way for this is our amazing Technology team, dedicated to transforming the marketing landscape. Right now, we’re looking for a Principal Software Engineer to lead the charge. Up for it? Read on. What you’ll do: As Principal Software Engineer - Sitecore Development, you’ll lead an interdisciplinary team that creates world-class data-driven internet-based solutions. You’ll be responsible for the success of all technical and functional aspects of a project. Day to day, your responsibilities will include: Leading technical design and implementation of practical, maintainable project solutions Taking responsibility for effective programming, installation, configuration, documentation, operation, monitoring and maintenance of web hardware and software environments Participating in technical research and development to help us innovate our services Developing and adhering to coding standards Installing SSL certificates, fine-tuning servers and configuring domains/vanity URLs/sub-domains Performing Dev/Stage/Prod Server deployments Creating automated deployment scripts (i.e. ANT and NANT) Identifying appropriate hardware and software solutions to support client project needs Keeping a pulse on evolving web standards Performing code reviews, developing and adhering to coding standards Encouraging team awareness and adoption of relevant emerging technologies Mentoring more junior team members Serving as a recognized subject matter expert in the field We’re looking for a talented Principal Software Engineer who’s a delight to work with, which usually includes: A four year degree and 2 to 4 years of web development experience (preferably at a creative agency) Broad experience with Sitecore CMS Deep familiarity with the digital environment A proven ability to work effectively as a technical team member in small teams Experience building and deploying 3-5 Java or .NET based web solutions Experience designing data schemas and integrating relational databases into web solutions Experience with web services, preferably RESTful, server-side as well as client-side Solid grasp of web solutions utilizing a Content Management System (CMS) Expertise in HTML, CSS Advanced Javascript development skills, including knowledge of jQuery, Ajax and DOM Strong Java or .NET/C# skills including proficiency in Web services, JSP/ASP, rebuilding and deploying Java or .NET applications to the server environment, use of open source frameworks such as Lucene, Serviet maintenance, IDE tools such as Eclipse or Visual Studio Proficiency in XML and its role and application in complex software projects Firm understanding of software engineering methodologies such as object-oriented design and design patterns, including MVC Administration skills on web server and application server products, preferably Apache, Tomcat, etc. Knowledge and experience with SQL, relational data models and database systems, especially in support of web sites and related architectures Experience deploying cloud-based web solutions, e.g. Amazon (preferred) Proficiency in Windows environment a development platform Solid UNIX skills including UNIX shell commands, shell scripting and Ant; skills in remotely accessing systems via SSH, Telnet, FTP Solid experience in testing methodologies, test-driven design and the creation of effective and reliable test cases Familiarity with web security methodologies such as managing SSL certificates Experience in designing and coding for web accessibility Expertise in the authoring of technical requirements and the definition process Good team skills – you can diplomatically negotiate and resolve conflicts Willingness to travel as needed – you’re open to new places, new faces and new ideas Got the goods? We’d love to hear from you. About DigitasLBi We have 40 offices in 25 countries, each one helping to upend and redefine the landscape of strategy, creativity, media and technology. We’re pumped about the accolades we’ve earned – cue Titanium Lions, Gold Pencils and making LinkedIn’s Most InDemand Employer List of 2014 – but what energizes us most is the people we work with, the clients we work for and the never-ending challenge that confronts us: Producing amazing creative, day after day. On top of great values, great people and great clients, we’re proud to offer many great perks – things like flex vacation days, tuition reimbursement, gym membership discounts and anniversary gifts for the many people who’ve been with us 5, 10, 20 years and more. And while we celebrate those who’ve stuck by us and shaped us into the creative force that we are today, we’re always looking for great new talent help us grow even stronger. If that’s you, well, come join us. DigitasLBi is an equal opportunity employer.	Principal Software Engineer - Sitecore Developer	DigitasLBi	New York	NY	New York, NY	DigitasLBi	Thu, 05 Nov 2015 09:55:03 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=c4262c18e391bf43&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXeIHQ5OyeANUCGUSmAm8bO-tz_bwOZdQymYWd0w1otyeJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke1m1018gh5bb
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	We are seeking an outstanding C++ Engineer to join a highly professional team, building business critical solutions for a diverse set of clients in the financial industry, and leading projects . The applications and infrastructure we build connect trading across all asset classes on worldwide exchanges. Qualifications: Minimum of 3 years of experience in C++ software development. Multithreading experience Familiarity with SQL, Python, and JavaScript Experience in the financial field is highly desirable.	C++ Software Engineer, Trading	Harris Allied	New York	NY	New York, NY	Recruitics	Thu, 05 Nov 2015 16:39:45 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=96ed9934f8ac6ba6&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXeIHQ5OyeANUCGUSmAm8bO-tz_bwOZdQymYWd0w1otyeJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke1m1018gh5bb
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Job Requisition Number: 47488 The Role: The Desktop API/Office Integration team is looking for a Microsoft Windows software engineer to play an integral role in the design and engineering of the next generation of Bloomberg integration platforms and services. This team builds the desktop products and tools that are used by our clients around the globe to bring Bloomberg's wealth of financial data, analytics and tools directly into the productivity software that our clients use on a daily basis. We use OO design and Agile methodologies to create scalable, robust and service-oriented architectures built upon C++11, .NET 4.x. The role provides excellent opportunities for the successful candidate to have responsibility for all stages of the software development process, exercise leadership skills, work with clients and other stakeholders, and build a deeper understanding of our customers and the financial markets. Qualifications: - 2+ years of designing and building successful software products - OOD/OOP skills and experience applying modern design patterns - Knowledge of functional programming - Working knowledge of modern programming languages (e.g. C++, Swift, Objective C, C#, Java, ES5/6) The Company: Bloomberg, the global business and financial information and news leader, gives influential decision makers a critical edge by connecting them to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas. The company's strength - delivering data, news and analytics through innovative technology, quickly and accurately - is at the core of the Bloomberg Professional service, which provides real time financial information to more than 310,000 subscribers globally. Bloomberg's enterprise solutions build on the company's core strength, leveraging technology to allow customers to access, integrate, distribute and manage data and information across organizations more efficiently and effectively. Through Bloomberg Law, Bloomberg Government, Bloomberg New Energy Finance and Bloomberg BNA, the company provides data, news and analytics to decision makers in industries beyond finance. And Bloomberg News, delivered through the Bloomberg Professional service, television, radio, mobile, the Internet and two magazines, Bloomberg Businessweek and Bloomberg Markets, covers the world with more than 2,300 news and multimedia professionals at 146 bureaus in 72 countries. Headquartered in New York, Bloomberg employs more than 15,000 people in 192 locations around the world.	Microsoft Windows Software Engineer Job	Bloomberg	New York	NY	New York, NY	Bloomberg	Mon, 02 Nov 2015 17:11:00 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=1b450103d508729a&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXeIHQ5OyeANUCGUSmAm8bO-tz_bwOZdQymYWd0w1otyeJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke1m1018gh5bb
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Position: Senior Software Engineer Company: Thuzio Location: New York, NY (on site) Reports to: CTO Company: Thuzio’s platform helps brands, agencies, and marketers research, select, and connect with influencers/celebrities for marketing campaigns, endorsements, events, and brand activation. We’ve created the most complete SaaS solution for researching and sourcing Sports celebrities and we’re now expanding into all categories of Celebrity and Social/Digital Influencers. Thuzio was founded by Mark Gerson (of Gerson Lehrman fame) and Tiki Barber (of New York Giants fame). Position Mission: Join the growing Thuzio product-development team as we expand into other categories. We want to provide brands with everything they need to know about celebrities and influencers. You will be joining a lean team with an experienced CTO as the next most senior technologist and working closely with him to guide Thuzio’s evolving technology. What you’ll do: Work closely with the CTO Collaborate on designing and building new features and products Create standards, reusable libraries, and tools for use by the rest of the team Keep current on new technology and consider potential applications at Thuzio Have tons of Startup energy Occasionally bump into celebrities in the elevator What you know: Python or the desire to learn a new language Object Oriented Programming Django, Flask, Rails, or similar PostgreSQL or MySQL How to get around Linux AWS, Digital Ocean, or similar Ansible or similar config management tool Bonus Points for: Comp Sci or related degree Native mobile app development Front-end development Elasticsearch or Solr Go (golang) MongoDB or similar NoSQL database Additional Info: Type: Full-time Functions: Technical Industries: Internet Compensation: Annual salary plus competitive benefits Unable to sponsor applicants for work visas	Senior Software Engineer	Thuzio	New York	NY	New York, NY	Thuzio	Fri, 06 Nov 2015 06:49:29 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=a7318da2fa5c60f8&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa373kARte63065_Cu_FYF1nJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke1qo119s91i0
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Navint Partners is looking for a strong Senior Software Engineer and Architect. This individual will be responsible for the development, delivery, and support of custom applications. This will include architecting, developing, and enhancing existing applications; designing and developing new applications &amp; capabilities; and partnering with business and technology divisions to increase productivity and revenue opportunities. This individual will be responsible for providing technical strategy, architecture decisions, and development. This will include developing code, code reviews, writing test scripts, architecture/technology decisions, and senior level programming tasks. The Engineer/Architect will support the custom applications and reporting needs of sales, pricing &amp; planning, commercial operations, programming, and finance divisions. Additionally, the Engineering/Architect will be responsible for developing new systems that provides additional capabilities, such analytics, what –if modeling, optimization to further enhance business insight and workflows. Finally, this role will be responsible for coordinating and influencing decisions regarding architecture, including data structures and algorithms across the entire eco-system. Specific responsibilities include – • Architect and develop code for custom solutions; • Provide technical oversight on design and development, conduct code reviews; • Deliver high-quality, scalable, and maintainable software; contribute technically to projects; • Develop &amp; manage extensible, stable code bases for a variety of applications; • Collaborate and mentor a team of software engineers; • Evaluate various frameworks, technology and platforms to build custom applications (mobile/web); • Partner with functional and technical SME’s to build applications, enable productivity, and automation; • Support and troubleshoot issues (process &amp; system), identify root cause, and proactively implement sustainable corrective actions; • Identify new opportunities, tools, and services to enhance the custom software platform; • Serve as subject matter expert in agile software development including process, tools, languages, frameworks, and tech; Qualifications Required • Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Information Systems or Engineering (or equivalent relevant work experience). Master’s degree in Computer Science, Information Systems is highly desirable; • 5+ years of hands-on programming experience in an object oriented language such as Python, Ruby on Rails and/or Java; • 3+ years of experience with web technologies and frameworks (HTML5, CSS, Ajax, JavaScript, JQuery, Angular, REACT, IONIC, EXT-JS, GWT, PHP, Python, Ruby), integrating with API’s &amp; web services via XML &amp; JSON, architecture for web and mobile devices; UX design; • 1+ years of experience with iOS, Xcode SDK, Swift, Objective C; developed mobile working applications; • Experience developing and maintaining an enterprise or consumer web service or application; • Experience building efficient and reusable front-end abstractions and systems; • Experience with mobile optimized responsive design; • Experience with data integration, relational/non-relational databases, and business applications; • Strong understanding of object oriented development, data structures, algorithms, use of design patterns and system; • Strong understanding of RESTful API design; • Very good understanding of data-marts, service oriented architectures, multi technology platforms, integrations with business intelligence suites and private/public cloud computing; • Ability to write high-performance, reusable code for UI components; • Ability and interest in performance debugging and benchmarking; • Strong analytical and problem solving skills; • Self-motivated &amp; accountable, with a high level of commitment to responsibility; • Excellent interpersonal, verbal and written communication skills; • Proven ability to complete rapid prototyping, and deliver/support production-quality code. Qualifications Desired • Experience working in an Agile environment; knowledge of SCRUM framework a plus; • Strong team-building, vendor and customer relations skills; • Must be analytical and process-oriented and able to apply structure to complex problems; • Ability to manage multiple projects simultaneously and communicate effectively with all stake holders;	Senior Software Engineer	Navint Partners, LLC.	New York	NY	New York, NY	Navint Partners, LLC.	Thu, 05 Nov 2015 20:51:19 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=56a64ab77bec54df&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa373kARte63065_Cu_FYF1nJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke1qo119s91i0
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Outbrain’s Operations team is a global group of developers &amp; engineers who are responsible for growing Outbrain’s services and infrastructure to meet the demands of an ever-growing market. We maintain multiple datacenter facilities, with a highly redundant high-availability environment that serves billions of requests each month. Scalability, reliability, and team effectiveness are primary goals, and we embrace automation and open-source tools to achieve them. We are seeking an Operations Software Engineer to join our NYC-based team who can help us build internal automation and infrastructure tooling. This role has a specific focus on software development within an operations context. We’re looking for a true generalist - the ideal candidate has broad technical experience, including an understanding of Linux core concepts, how to manage systems en masse, and an understanding of how software interacts with both the underlying OS as well as user-facing clients. Qualifications: Experience administering Linux systems and understanding common troubleshooting and maintenance techniques. Solid understanding of modern web architecture (Layer 4 &amp; 7 load balancers, the HTTP protocol, and what to look for when things go wrong). Experience with modern languages used on the web (Ruby/Python/Java), as well as front-end languages and frameworks. Able to pick up new software, frameworks and APIs quickly. Good knowledge of basic large-scale internet service architectures (such as load balancing,caching,queues ), even if you haven't worked on one. Passion for turning complex distributed processes into "click of a button"-grade automation. Able to work independently as well within a team. You are willing to attack problems on your own, but won’t hesitate to ask questions from whoever you need to ask. Excellent interpersonal and communication skills. You are on the side of too much communication versus not enough. You believe that changes need to be communicated and communicated effectively. Experience in designing software and/or platforms used by other developers, and have supporting those developers with the adoption of your solutions.. Good understanding of RESTful web services and SOA related standards. #LI-CM2-LI	Ops Software Engineer	Outbrain Inc.	New York	NY	New York, NY	Outbrain Inc.	Sat, 07 Nov 2015 06:38:42 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=31427f261c0d584a&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa373kARte63065_Cu_FYF1nJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke1qo119s91i0
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	OVERALL SUMMARY: The Business Systems Software Engineering team at HBO enables the business workflows using creative and pragmatic technology solutions. We are a software engineering group that develops and supports applications critical to the creation, marketing, distribution, and reselling of HBO products and are a fundamental part of HBO’s innovation and success, with offices in New York City and Seattle. Realizing this mission requires a staff of highly motivated and technically flexible software professionals across a variety of disciplines: development, program management, test, and design. We are hiring people to build a team that can create engaging, high-quality solutions, platforms and interactive experiences. We are looking for a Senior Software Engineer with the knowledge, motivation, and energy to help build robust and flexible custom applications as well as integrate third-party software packages. Our group supports departments such as Business Affairs, Creative Services, Network Quality Control, and Program Strategy and Planning. PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES: You will design and develop architecturally sound custom applications as well as implement and integrate third-party software packages.You will partner with business analysts, project managers and other engineering teams to understand requirements, evaluate and recommend strategic solutions.In addition, you will help plan, initiate, and effect changes to the future-state architecture and technical stack of applications. TECHNICAL REQUIREMENTS: We are looking for a highly skilled individual who has a proven track record and takes pride in bringing high-quality code quickly to market, enjoys learning and applying new technologies, and thrives in a dynamic engineering-oriented work environment. Successful applicants must have deep knowledge with hands-on experience in: * Domain-driven design, UML, and design patterns * Server-side java technologies such as JEE, Spring, Hibernate, and JBoss on Linux * Presentation-tier technologies such as AngularJS, NodeJS. Java Swing is a plus * SQL and database concepts for RDBMS’ such as Oracle, MySQL. NoSQL database knowledge is a plus * Enterprise integration patterns and technologies such as REST, SOA, JMS, and ESB * Development tools such as GIT/Subversion, Maven, JUnit, Bamboo, and JIRA GENERAL REQUIREMENTS: * 3+ years of established track record of implementing large-scale high-quality software applications. * Very strong communication skills and an ability to interact with all levels of technical and non-technical personnel. * Drive to master emerging technologies and share experience with team members. * Proven problem solving and critical thinking skills. * Solid foundation in troubleshooting application and data issues. * Ability to understand goals, strategies, and needs of the business as they relate to application development. * Ability to be a self-starter and to multitask. * Ability to fit into an agile development environment and create a positive influence. * Bachelor’s degree in computer science, engineering, or equivalent technical experience Job Type: Full-time Local candidates only: New York, NY Required experience: Development: 5 years Required education: Bachelor's 	Senior Software Engineer	HBO	New York	NY	New York, NY	Indeed	Fri, 06 Nov 2015 21:05:14 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=a3d5098b2c2d9ba0&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa373kARte63065_Cu_FYF1nJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke1qo119s91i0
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	DigitalOcean is on a mission to simplify cloud infrastructure for the millions of software developers around the world. Engineers at DigitalOcean have a direct impact on the cloud technology that their peers in the developer community leverage every single day. This is a unique opportunity to join a rapidly growing company that is striving to build something meaningful for the Engineering community. As an Engineer on the Metrics team, you’ll work to make teams inside DigitalOcean more successful by providing the tools and services to ingest and analyse both logs and datapoint metrics from our entire global deployment of hardware and software services. You’ll help other teams feel confident in their software by providing the tooling to measure performance and surface errors before they are problems. Our customers will rely on our technology as well as we turn our team more outward-facing by exposing our internal tools we provide to make DigitalOcean the best place to run an application. You should have a passion for Linux systems, software engineering, and summing numbers. --------------------- What You'll Be Doing: --------------------- Providing the foundation for upcoming logging, metrics, and alerting features Deploying software to our fleet of servers, switches, and internal droplets Providing internal teams with the tools to have greater insight into systems at scale Helping teams automatically detect issues before they become problems Providing the raw data for our strategy team to analyze Contributing back to open source (Prometheus, Rsyslog) Work closely with network, software, and site reliability engineers to produce well-tuned and reliable systems -------------------------------- What We'll Expect From You: -------------------------------- Expertise with one of the following languages: Go, Ruby, Python, C/C++, or Java Experience with configuration management (e.g. chef, puppet, ansible) Experience with metric systems (e.g. prometheus, graphite, influxdb) Experience with logging systems (e.g. rsyslog, syslog-ng, elasticsearch, greylog) Ability to sum numbers in aggregate while retaining statistical significance Ability to measure, predict, and capacity plan for growing high-throughput systems A drive to empower others to answer their own questions from data -------------------- Technologies we use: -------------------- Languages: Go, Perl, and Ruby Tools: Kafka, Consul, Chef, Prometheus, MemSQL, MySQL, Looker, Rsyslog ------------------------ Working at DigitalOcean: ------------------------ DigitalOcean pays 100% of the premium for health, dental and vision and 50% of the premium for dependents Competitive compensation including a 401k with up to 4% employer match Flexible vacation time Stock options Corporate Seamless account to keep your hunger at bay Monthly commuter expense and gym membership allowance Great office space located in the heart of SoHo 	Software Engineer: Metrics	DigitalOcean	New York	NY	New York, NY	DigitalOcean	Thu, 05 Nov 2015 10:30:00 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=9cf9cc45f46faa67&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa373kARte63065_Cu_FYF1nJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke1qo119s91i0
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Job Description ZergNet builds tools for publishers to help them better grow, analyze, and monetize their properties through content recommendation. We serve over 10,000 article recommendations a second working with nearly every major media company. As a team of just 20 people, we are working at massive scale on fun and challenging projects. Our ideal candidate is someone who is comfortable working on a small team and understands the complexity of security, data and infrastructure at scale. We also receive over 40 million unique visitors a month to our own properties allowing for unique and challenging projects beyond content recommendation. We are headquartered in NYC, but we will also consider remote US based candidates. Skills &amp; Requirements 4+ years of relevant work experience Highly skilled with PHP and MySQL Experience with Python and NoSQL systems Strong verbal and written communication skills About ZergNet ZergNet was founded in 2012 with the vision of becoming the ultimate discovery engine for premium content. We partner with the most influential media companies in the world, including: AOL, Conde Nast, NBC, News Corp, Time Inc., Viacom, Warner Bros and more. Backed by a reputable group of venture capitalists, we offer a competitive salary, 401k, and full medical, dental, and vision coverage. Job Type: Full-time Required experience: Software Engineering: 4 years 	Senior Software Engineer	ZergNet	New York	NY	New York, NY	Indeed	Thu, 05 Nov 2015 19:30:50 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=bec594c9be411dbf&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa373kARte63065_Cu_FYF1nJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke1qo119s91i0
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	American Express is embarking on an exciting transformation, driven by an energetic team of high performers. The International Digital Acquisitions product team is accountable for delivery of online card acquisition journeys supporting the International Consumer and Small Business Card businesses. The Software Engineer will partner with the Product Owner and interfacing technology teams to define, design, and deliver new customer facing capabilities and web applications. This is a nimble and creative team chartered with driving a product roadmap while adopting new technologies and continuous integration tooling. The successful candidate will be part of a fast-paced, entrepreneurial team responsible for delivering world class experiences. They will be challenged with identifying innovative ideas and proof of concepts to meet the existing and future needs of American Express customers. As a Software Engineer, the successful candidate will play a key role delivering product strategy and collaborating with peers, technology partners, and product owners to translate complex user stories into successful product releases in an agile environment. Responsibilities include: · Serving as a core member of an agile team that drives user story analysis and elaboration, designs and develops software applications, and integrates automation testing tooling · Participating in all technical aspects of software development (architecture, design, and development of systems) for assigned applications · Performing hands-on software development, participating in proof of concepts, and managing task completion during ongoing sprints · Ongoing refactoring of code, utilizing visualization and other techniques to fast track concepts, delivering continuous improvement · Developing a deep understanding of integrations with other systems and platforms within the supported domains · Identifying exciting opportunities to adopt new technologies to solve existing needs and future challenges · Managing time and working well both independently and as part of a team · Converting HTML prototypes into functioning Web Applications through the integration of back-end data and process services · Embracing emerging standards while following best practices and consistent usage of frameworks/design patterns Offer of employment with American Express is conditioned upon the successful completion of a background verification check, subject to applicable laws and regulations. Qualifications This high energy Software Engineer must have: • Experience with Agile development principles, application design, software development, and testing • Experience applying SOA concepts for services design and consumption • Understanding of XML, JSON, Web Service technologies, and data structure fundamentals • Experience with HTML/XHTML, CSS, JavaScript, AJAX, DOM, JQuery, AngularJS and version control systems (such as svn, git), exposure to MEAN stack a plus • Experience with continuous integration and automation testing frameworks (JUnit, TestNG, Selenium, SOAP UI, Mocha, Chai) • Understanding of adaptive and responsive development techniques • A strong desire to identify, learn and adapt new technologies as applicable to solve business challenges • Ability to effectively communicate with business and technology partners Preferred Additional: • Experience with Node.js, JBoss, WebSphere and Cloud Based Deployments • Experience applying various J2EE / GoF design patterns • Understanding of Internationalization and Localization frameworks • A BS degree in computer engineering, computer science, or other technical discipline American Express is an equal opportunity employer and makes employment decisions without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, disability status, or any other status protected by law. Click here to view the "EEO is the Law" poster. ReqID: 15018479	Software Engineer- Digital Acquisition	American Express	New York	NY	New York, NY	American Express	Sat, 07 Nov 2015 00:05:46 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=fcb259866d2d4eb1&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa373kARte63065_Cu_FYF1nJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke1qo119s91i0
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Job Location Long Island City Virtual Location No Job Description Responsible for the design, development and implementation of applications following the full systems development lifecycle (SDLC). Functional Responsibilities: Responsible for detailed technical design and development of applications using existing and emerging technology platforms. Will have heavy customer interaction. Converts specifications about business problems into programming instructions. Designs and codes programs; creates test transactions and runs tests; revises as necessary. Conducts analysis of organizational needs and goals for the development and implementation of application systems. Monitors operating efficiency of existing application systems. Reviews, analyzes, and modifies programming systems, including encoding, testing, debugging and installing for a large scale system. Maintains records to document program development and revisions. Conducts analysis of organizational needs and goals for the development and implementation of application systems. Provides technical support to technical vendor resources. As appropriate; designs and codes business process models; designs and codes business rules and algorithms. Performs related duties as assigned or requested. Typical Experience: Degree in Computer Science, Information Systems or other related field. 5+ years of related work experience. Development experience in JAVA or .NET Excellent/strong communication skills Development experience with Oracle database is required ETL Development background with Informatica or other ETL tools is a plus Development experience with PostgreSQL is preferred Oracle Enterprise Data Quality development experience is a plus Business Category Global Technology &amp; Operations Number of Openings 1 Equal Employment Opportunity MetLife is a proud equal opportunity/affirmative action employer committed to attracting, retaining, and maximizing the performance of a diverse and inclusive workforce. It is MetLife’s policy to ensure equal employment opportunity without discrimination or harassment based on race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, disability, national origin, marital or domestic/civil partnership status, genetic information, citizenship status, uniformed service member or veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. How To Apply Mobile Users: If viewing on a mobile device and would like to apply, please email job to yourself and complete application from a desktop/laptop. Desktop/Laptop Users: For immediate consideration, click Apply Now button below. You will be directed to complete an on-line profile which takes 15 – 20 minutes to complete. Upon completion, you will receive an automated confirmation email verifying you have successfully applied to the job.	Sr Software Develop Engineer	MetLife	Long Island City	NY	Long Island City, NY	MetLife	Sun, 08 Nov 2015 10:12:00 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=53355d6b3a8c494b&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa373kARte63065_Cu_FYF1nJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke1qo119s91i0
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Job Requisition Number: 46970 The Role: Bloomberg Vault is looking for a software engineer with experience in large-scale object storage systems to join our compliance search and archiving team. The team is responsible for long-term archiving of communication and trade data. Our storage infrastructure currently manages 3.5 petabytes of data and 90 billion objects. Bloomberg Vault is a startup in Bloomberg developing a cloud-based compliance archiving service, eDiscovery tools and real-time compliance monitoring infrastructure. Our software, which is hosted in Bloomberg Secure Private Cloud, has gained rapid market adoption with over 900 enterprises. You will join a growing group in Bloomberg that develops cutting edge distributed, highly parallelized, big data processing, storage and analytic cloud services for the financial industry. - Work in small, fast-paced teams to develop products backed by the resources of Bloomberg. - Design and code applications that operate on massive amount of structured and unstructured data. - Collaborate closely with our business and internal teams to implement your technical vision. - Participate in the entire software life cycle and all phases of quality assurance and defect resolution. Qualifications: - (BS+) in Computer Science/Computer Engineering or comparable experience - 5+ years of experience in development/design the software with C++ or JVM based languages - Experience with building large-scale distributed enterprise or hosted storage systems - Experience working with data distributed across large data storage clusters is desired - Experience in the storage infrastructures such as NFS, HDFS and Cassandra - Excellent problem solving and multi-tasking skills, with a creative and flexible attitude - Desire and ability to share ideas, solid verbal and written communication skills - Experience with Amazon AWS services (specifically S3, EMR, RDS and EC2) is a plus The Company: Bloomberg, the global business and financial information and news leader, gives influential decision makers a critical edge by connecting them to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas. The company's strength - delivering data, news and analytics through innovative technology, quickly and accurately - is at the core of the Bloomberg Professional service, which provides real time financial information to more than 310,000 subscribers globally. Bloomberg's enterprise solutions build on the company's core strength, leveraging technology to allow customers to access, integrate, distribute and manage data and information across organizations more efficiently and effectively. Through Bloomberg Law, Bloomberg Government, Bloomberg New Energy Finance and Bloomberg BNA, the company provides data, news and analytics to decision makers in industries beyond finance. And Bloomberg News, delivered through the Bloomberg Professional service, television, radio, mobile, the Internet and two magazines, Bloomberg Businessweek and Bloomberg Markets, covers the world with more than 2,300 news and multimedia professionals at 146 bureaus in 72 countries. Headquartered in New York, Bloomberg employs more than 15,000 people in 192 locations around the world.	Senior Software Development Engineer, Large-scale Object Storage Job	Bloomberg	New York	NY	New York, NY	Bloomberg	Sat, 07 Nov 2015 06:19:00 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=7990f7d31348f5c4&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa373kARte63065_Cu_FYF1nJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke1qo119s91i0
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	DigitalOcean’s software engineers develop next-generation cloud infrastructure technology that will change how millions of developers build, deploy, and scale web applications. Our mission is to simplify cloud infrastructure; this requires knowledge in many different fields including distributed systems, virtualization, software defined networking, scale-out storage, real-time data processing, and user interface design. As a software engineer on the Network team, the software you write will run on tens of thousands of hypervisors across our global infrastructure network. You will be responsible for building the next generation of networking on our platform: providing flexible, yet simple, primitives that our customers have come to love. --------------------- What You'll Be Doing: --------------------- Driving the design and implementation of the overlay network that supports how droplets interact with each other and the outside world Building exciting new features that will enable developers to build highly available, robust, and secure services Working closely with the network engineering team to build and support a performant and flexible software network architecture Maintaining and ensuring a high standard for reliability and availability across multiple datacenters Evolving our existing architecture and codebases to support building flexible networking capabilities both internally and for the product -------------------------------- What We'll Expect From You: -------------------------------- Expertise with at least one of the following languages: Go, Perl, Python, C/C++ Experience building reliable, maintainable, and tested software across large deployments Deep understanding of the network stack, TCP/IP, and low level packet/frame architecture Strong understanding of flexible database architecture / SQL Familiarity with SDN concepts Familiarity with virtualization technologies (libvirt, KVM, QEMU, Namespaces and Containers) Deep understanding of Linux -------------------- Technologies we use: -------------------- Open vSwitch, Go, Perl, MySQL, Libvirt, KVM, chef, git ------ Bonus: ------ Background in network engineering Participated in previous SDN implementation/rollout ------------------------ Working at DigitalOcean: ------------------------ DigitalOcean pays 100% of the premium for health, dental and vision and 50% of the premium for dependents Competitive compensation including a 401k with up to 4% employer match Flexible vacation time Stock options Corporate Seamless account to keep your hunger at bay Monthly commuter expense and gym membership allowance Great office space located in the heart of SoHo 	Software Engineer: Network	DigitalOcean	New York	NY	New York, NY	DigitalOcean	Sat, 07 Nov 2015 04:13:00 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=3f9b5d2403d935b0&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa373kARte63065_Cu_FYF1nJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke1qo119s91i0
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	At Capital One, we think big and do big things. We were the first company to develop and offer mass customization and personalization of credit card products, and we have been innovating relentlessly ever since. Today, we are a high-tech company, a scientific laboratory, and a nationally recognized brand all in one. We are a passionate and entrepreneurial team that embraces bold ideas, fosters collaboration, and delivers world-class products and services that touch tens of millions of customers. And we are looking for great technologists to join our team! Do you want to change the way the world interacts with their money? Do you have the desire to work and learn alongside some of the best engineers in the industry? Think you know the difference between concurrency and parallelism? Then we want you! As part of our team, what will you do? You will be passionate and driven to create the world’s best consumer banking experiences AND you will: - Write code (delivering elegant and scalable solutions in Java, JavaScript, and Scala…to name a few) - Demand quality (developing in a test driven manner with automation in mind) - Collaborate (partnering well with a diverse and passionate team) - Learn (adapting quickly to an evolving market and emerging trends) Here is what we will bring to the table: - Competitive salary and equity, including a robust 401(k) plan - Excellent medical and dental insurance (and other health benefits) - Industry-leading maternity and paternity leave policies - A great working environment with a bunch of great people (early Bitcoin pioneers, ex-NASA engineers, and the authors of this job description) Here is what we would like for you to bring to the table: QualificationsBasic Qualifications: - Bachelors Degree or military experience - At least 3 years of experience delivering production ready software - At least 3 years of experience with Agile Scrum methodologies Preferred Qualifications: - 1+ years of experience writing readable Java code - 1+ years of experience with Angular JSCapital One will consider sponsoring a new qualified applicant for employment authorization for this position.No agencies please. Capital One is an equal opportunity employer committed to diversity in the workplace. Capital One promotes a drug-free workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to gender, race, color, age, national origin, religion, disability, genetic information, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity/assignment, citizenship, pregnancy or maternity, protected veteran status, or any other status protected by applicable national, federal, state or local law. Capital One will consider for employment qualified applicants with a criminal history in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable laws regarding criminal background inquiries, including, to the extent applicable, Article 23-A of the New York Correction Law; San Francisco, California Police Code Article 49, Sections 4901-4920; Newark, New Jersey Ordinance 12-1630; and other applicable federal, state, and local laws and regulations regarding criminal background inquiries. JobTechnologyPrimary LocationUnited States-New York-New York-114 5th Ave (22114)Other LocationsUnited States-Virginia-McLean-McLean 1 (19050)ScheduleFull-timeTravelYes, 10 % of the TimeJob PostingUnposting Date	Software Engineer, Back End	Capital One	New York	NY	New York, NY	Capital One	Wed, 04 Nov 2015 16:53:25 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=9ac0079e1b87fa54&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa373kARte63065_Cu_FYF1nJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke1qo119s91i0
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	DigitalOcean’s software engineers develop next-generation cloud infrastructure technology that will change how millions of developers build, deploy, and scale web applications. Our mission is to simplify cloud infrastructure; this requires knowledge in many different fields including distributed systems, virtualization, software defined networking, scale-out storage, real-time data processing, and user interface design. As a software engineer on the Compute team, the software you write will run on tens of thousands of hypervisors across our global infrastructure network. You will define the next generation of cloud services, making developers' lives (both inside DO and in the 'wild') easier by building new services to power the hypervisor, placement, database and event systems. This is a unique opportunity to deliver the best user-experience in the industry to millions of developers around the world. --------------------- What You'll Be Doing: --------------------- Build the services that build Droplets Design, implement, optimize, and test virtualization configurations Work with our Platform Engineers to design and support new host configurations Optimize systems for performance, flexibility, and maintainability Give back to the community by contributing to open-source projects -------------------------------- What We'll Expect From You: -------------------------------- Expertise with at least one of the following languages: Go, Perl, Ruby, Python, C/C++, Java Familiarity with Distributed Systems programming Familiarity with at least one configuration-management system Deep understanding and knowledge of virtualization (libvirt, KVM, QEMU, Namespaces and Containers) Deep understanding of Linux -------------------- Technologies we use: -------------------- Perl, Go, Libvirt, Virtio, KVM, Open vSwitch, GRPC, MySQL, Chef, Git ------------------------ Working at DigitalOcean: ------------------------ DigitalOcean pays 100% of the premium for health, dental and vision and 50% of the premium for dependents Competitive compensation including a 401k with up to 4% employer match Flexible vacation time Stock options Corporate Seamless account to keep your hunger at bay Monthly commuter expense and gym membership allowance Great office space located in the heart of SoHo 	Software Engineer: Compute	DigitalOcean	New York	NY	New York, NY	DigitalOcean	Fri, 06 Nov 2015 10:33:00 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=16985d260aba5b6d&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa373kARte63065_Cu_FYF1nJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke1qo119s91i0
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	(New York) Full-Time — New York City, NY Twitter connects hundreds of millions of users to real-time information about the world we live in. The New York engineering team is developing new products and technology to provide users with timely, relevant and personalized information. We’re incorporating the Twitter social graph which is a massive corpus of real-time information, and numerous interesting data signals. Behind the scenes, we are building highly scalable distributed systems, and the algorithms necessary to make sense of all this data — all within a matter of milliseconds. Every day we are pushing the boundaries, we work with data at a scale that is unmatched, impacting millions of lives around the world every second. We are looking for talented people to join our small, entrepreneurial New York team to help make Twitter the best source of real-time content in the world. Responsibilities: Design and scale real-time distributed systems to support hundreds of millions of users Design and implement efficient algorithms and new approaches for ranking recommended content, filtering spam, adding personalization, etc Develop new user-facing features from conception to execution Drive the development of elegant solutions to complex problems Advance best practices with the engineering team through participation in design and code reviews Requirements: 6+ years of industry experience Extensive experience programming in Scala, Java or C++ Experience programming in a scripting language, such as Python, Ruby MS or Ph.D. in Computer Science OR equivalent work experience Provide proven track record in practical problem solving, excellent communication, and documentation skills Desired: Interest in information retrieval, machine learning, statistics and probability Experience with Hadoop, Storm or other MapReduce-based architectures Experience with search engines, recommendation systems, data mining, and relevance evaluation methodologies Experience with real-time and/or distributed systems, and scalability of such systems Familiarity with Unix shell tools development environment	Senior Software Engineer	Twitter	New York	NY	New York, NY	Twitter	Thu, 05 Nov 2015 10:56:14 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=792c896298a22cfe&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa373kARte63065_Cu_FYF1nJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke1qo119s91i0
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Oyster.com, a TripAdvisor company, is expanding and we are looking for someone to join our team as a Senior Software Engineer. In this role you will be focused on improving imagery on TripAdvisor.com. This will include building brand new features from scratch and finding ways to optimize the user experience. You will need an eye for customer friendly design along with the skill to scale features across hundreds of millions of customers. Oyster.com delivers unbiased, expert information about hotels. Oyster sends trained experts to visit, comprehensively photograph, and critique each hotel reviewed on Oyster. Oyster.com has been featured by numerous media outlets, including The Today Show, 20/20, The Wall Street Journal, and The New York Times. We are especially proud of being called a “well executed site” by 37 Signals – some of the toughest critics in the business. What you will do: Write high performance server side code that is simple but scales to hundreds of millions of users Touch code at almost every level including application layer, database and even some user interface code Work with technical leadership and peers to make the right technology decisions Be responsible for end to end code quality The ideal candidate: Strong command of a modern programming language: Python, Ruby, Java or C# Strong and comprehensive computer science fundamentals including data structures and algorithms Extensive experience with backend web development; experience with front end technologies a plus (CSS and JavaScript) 6+ years of full cycle software development Comfortable working in a UNIX environment You are a leader who can prioritize work and communicate clearly to both technical and non-technical audiences What we offer: Joining our team full-time brings genuinely unique benefits: 30" monitors with the best computers money can buy We believe that one excellent worker is far better than two adequate performers; as such, we pay well and reward star performers as stars Medical, dental, 401K and other great benefits offered as being part of TripAdvisor Media Group At TripAdvisor, we have built an open &amp; collaborative environment and we hire the people we want to work with (not just the ones with the right qualifications), but who also think different than us and challenge the status quo. We empower people, giving the support and autonomy needed to succeed. We embrace data to make decisions and overcome obstacles. We choose speed over perfection, but not at the expense of quality. We do what we do well, but we’re always looking to make it better. Let us know if you’d like to help. TripAdvisor is an equal opportunity employer and evaluates applicants regardless of an individual’s age, race, color, gender, religion, national origin, sexual orientation, disability, veteran status, or musical preferences. We think a diverse team builds a better product. LI-TW1 	Senior Software Engineer	TripAdvisor	New York	NY	New York, NY	TripAdvisor	Wed, 21 Oct 2015 05:48:00 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=e90ab436d4f4c9ba&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa373kARte63065_Cu_FYF1nJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke1qo119s91i0
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Please Enable Cookies to Continue Please enable cookies in your browser to experience all the personalized features of this site, including the ability to apply for a job. Returning Candidate? Log back in! eCommerce - Software Engineer eCommerce - Software Engineer Job ID 1514 # Positions 1 Location US - NY - New York City Experience (Years) .. Category E-Commerce Services More information about this job Overview ABOUT US: Tacit Knowledge is a digital commerce consultancy founded on the premise that talent and experience are key factors in project success. Tacit's approach has been to build a global team of highly vetted technologists that specialize in eCommerce. We leverage Silicon Valley innovations to solve scaling and throughput issues prevalent in eCommerce solutions. Our company has long-standing, global partnerships with leading software vendors such as hybris, Demandware, Oracle, Adobe and others. A long list of marquee brands that chose Tacit Knowledge as their technology partner exemplifies our success. Clients include Nike, Pottery Barn, Sephora, Mulberry, Macy's, J.Crew, GAP, belkin, Converse, Anthropologie, Urban Outfitters, and many more. Together with our parent company, Newgistics, we bring together the industry's leading omni-channel commerce and order management software as part of a complete end-to-end eCommerce solution that provides our clients with systems designed for growth. Responsibilities ABOUT THE ROLE: As a Software Engineer for Tacit Knowledge, you will be responsible for delivering software solutions in the following areas: Design and implement large, complex systems using Java and Groovy Develop productivity-enhancing tools and scripts for our clients’ software development infrastructure using Ruby Generate, enhance, and promote ideas for useful new projects and technologies Provide software build management and administration support Communicate with project leads and other software developers on multiple projects ESSENTIALS: The Software Engineering skills and experience you will bring to Tacit Knowledge will include: 2-4 years developing software programs in a highly technical environment Experience working with a J2EE application server Experience providing expertise on networks, database optimization, and application frameworks Familiarity with Scrum or Extreme Programming project methods Ability to work in a team environment and communicate effectively, across a range of industries with diverse technologies Self­-starter with strong problem solving skills and the ability to articulate concise solutions to clients and global Software Development teams BS in Computer Science or equivalent experience. Qualifications PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS: Experience working as a professional consultant. Bonus points if you’ve been the primary point of contact with clients. Experience with leading ecommerce solutions such as hybris or Adobe AEM is a big plus. Experience building large ecommerce systems or other high availability web-based applications. Familiarity with infrastructure configuration and automation tools such as Chef, Vagrant, Ansible, Puppet and Salt. Experience collaborating with remote/offshore development teams. Deep technical expertise in at least one of the following: networks, systems, database optimization or application frameworks. Our culture is innately entrepreneurial because it is comprised of highly talented people who thrive in an atmosphere where ideas, actions and initiative are not only welcome, but encouraged and rewarded. The founders of Tacit Knowledge are natural Agile gurus and it is in their collective DNA to manage everything from an Agile perspective, whether it be collaborative interviewing or embracing an iterative process to attract, develop and retain the top talent in the industry. If you love to learn and want to work with smart, fun people on interesting problems and are excited about how you can be a part of our elite team of talented professionals, please reach out today for interviews this week! Options Apply for this job online Apply Refer Email this job to a friend Email Refer a LinkedIn connection Share on your newsfeed Connect With Us! Not ready to apply? Connect with us to receive updates on jobs and stay informed of opportunities without applying for a specific position.	eCommerce - Software Engineer	Newgistics, Inc.	New York	NY	New York, NY	Newgistics, Inc.	Sat, 31 Oct 2015 09:46:50 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=1967500c5a310d71&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa373kARte63065_Cu_FYF1nJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke1qo119s91i0
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	We Can Go Fast Forever. We pair program, all day, every day because we know it delivers remarkable results. We practice and teach an approach to software engineering that applies across industries and organizations, so you’ll experience all types of teams, products, and technologies. And we believe in working at a sustainable pace – you’ll typically code hard for 8 hours each day, but then you’re off work to relax, recharge and refocus. We Court Perfection. Working at Pivotal means you get better at what you already do well. We set up regular retrospectives to figure out what we’re doing wrong so we can fix it, and what we’re doing right so we can improve on it. We consistently practice Test Driven Development, which results in high-quality, reliable and more maintainable code. And we believe that methodical, steady, relentless forward momentum drives consistent results. Get Breakfast Everyday. And Get Paid to Master The Latest Technologies. To make sure you start your day energized, we provide a catered breakfast every weekday morning, and unlimited snacks are available all day. Our collaborative, open-plan office space is filled with talented, like-minded Pivots who enjoy taking advantage of our weekly Tech Talks, playing ping pong, and hanging out with their co-workers on beer night. Skills &amp; Requirements What We’re Looking For: Strong Knowledge of Ruby, Python, Golang and/or Java programming languages Strong Knowledge of Rails and/or Spring frameworks 2+ years of relevant (above) work experience Exceptional software engineering knowledge; OO Design Principles Experience in test first development and pair programming a plus Experience in web front-end development a plus; JavaScript, client-side MVC frameworks Experience deploying to cloud environments a plus Strong communication skills and interest in a pair-programming environment Passion for growing your skills, tackling interesting work and challenging problems Interested in becoming a Pivot? We’re seeking more amazing developers to add to our New York City team. Apply by sending us a resume and a cover letter. About Pivotal Labs Pivotal Labs: We Transform Ideas into Software. As a recognized leader in highly disciplined agile software development practices, Pivotal Labs has been building high reliability software for over 20 years. We build consumer and enterprise web and mobile applications for global clients, and have a growing practice building applications for the iOS and Android platforms. We also developed Pivotal Tracker, the project management and collaboration tool used by thousands of software developers worldwide. \	Software Engineer - New York	Pivotal Labs	New York	NY	New York, NY	StackOverflow Jobs	Sat, 31 Oct 2015 08:49:45 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=ae47bf1c939466c8&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa373kARte63065_Cu_FYF1nJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke1qo119s91i0
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	KPMG is proud to foster a high-performance culture, one that's defined by having the best people, with the skills and determination to deliver above and beyond. We look for insightful and astute professionals who are also forward-thinking, confident, and globally minded. Our business services groups consist of professionals with a wide range of skills and backgrounds. We are currently seeking a Manager, to join our New York City office; other locaitions will be considered. Responsibilities: Rapidly architect, design, prototype, and implement architectures to tackle the Big Data and Data Science needs for a variety of Fortune 1000 corporations and other major organizations Work in cross-disciplinary teams with KPMG industry experts to understand client needs and ingest rich data sources such as social media, news, internal/external documents, emails, financial data, and operational data Research, experiment, and utilize leading Big Data methodologies, such as Hadoop, Spark, Redshift, Netezza, SAP HANA, and Microsoft Azure Architect, implement and test data processing pipelines, and data mining / data science algorithms on a variety of hosted settings, such as AWS, Azure, client technology stacks, and KPMG's own clusters Translate advanced business analytics problems into technical approaches that yield actionable recommendations, in diverse domains such as risk management, product development, marketing research, supply chain, and public policy; communicate results and educate others through insightful visualizations, reports and presentations Qualifications: Bachelor's degree from an accredited college or university in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Engineering or a related field with seven years of experience; a Master's degree with five years of experience, or a PhD with two years of experience Fluency in several programming languages such as Python, Scala, or Java, with the ability to pick up new languages and technologies quickly Understanding of cloud, and distributed systems principles, including load balancing, networks, scaling, in-memory vs. disk Experience with Large Scale/ Big Data methods, such as MapReduce, Hadoop, Spark, Hive, Impala, or Storm Strong written and verbal communication skills, ability to work in dynamic team environments, and multi-task effectively. Proficiency in Unix/Linux environments and ability to develop in terminal environments KPMG offers a comprehensive compensation and benefits package. No phone calls or agencies please. One Firm. One Team. Countless Opportunities. KPMG, an equal opportunity employer/disability/veteran. KPMG maintains a drug-free workplace. KPMG will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable local, state or federal law (including San Francisco Ordinance number 131192).	Manager, Big Data Software Engineer	KPMG	New York	NY	New York, NY	KPMG LLP	Thu, 05 Nov 2015 09:19:19 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=ce1f40c2e1a140f1&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa373kARte63065_Cu_FYF1nJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke1qo119s91i0
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Job Requisition Number: 44714 The Role: Bloomberg is looking for a Senior Software Developer for Bloomberg Vault. Bloomberg Vault is a startup in Bloomberg Enterprise group developing a cloud-based compliance archiving service, eDiscovery tools and real-time compliance monitoring infrastructure. Our software, which is hosted in Bloomberg's private cloud, has gained rapid market adoption with over 700 enterprises and processes more than 200 million daily messages and archives over 60 billion messages. We are changing the way compliance is integrated into enterprise workflows. Our fast moving R&amp;D team is looking for developers that are up for the challenge of building secure, scalable and high quality services using a combination of proprietary and open source components. - Content ingestion of e-mail, IM, mobile, voice, social media, files using SMTP,SFTP,SICAP, HTTPS and proprietary protocols - Long-term archiving in geo-distributed and compliant storage, e.g. WORM, replicated/redundant , cold storage, encryption - Massively scalable time-based and faceted search and real-time analytics using Lucene, Solr, Hadoop and proprietary machine learning technologies - Real-time and in-stream compliance monitoring, surveillance and analytics with flexible policy-based orchestration - Applications for compliance review workflows and eDiscovery processes developed using Ruby on Rails, JavaScript and open source web stack The ideal candidate will join a quickly growing agile team in the development of the Bloomberg Vault product. Must be able to work independently to find a path to success by researching and recommending alternatives when faced with challenging situations. Candidates should have a passion for technology and a flexible, creative approach to problem solving. They should be able to take ownership of business requirements and devise and develop solutions that meet customer needs. Time to market is critical. Day to day tasks will involve the development and integration of new applications and enhancements. Qualifications: - BS in Computer Science/Computer Engineering or comparable experience - 5+ years of experience in development/design the software with object-oriented languages such as C/C++ on Unix, Java, shell scripting, and relational databases - Experience with building large-scale distributed enterprise system - Excellent problem-solving and multi-tasking skills, with a creative and flexible attitude - desire and ability to share ideas, solid verbal and written communication skills - Experience in the Big Data infrastructures (such as Hadoop, NoSQL Databases), UX design, and compliance domain is a big plus. - Experience with Information Retrieval concepts and experience with open source search technologies such as Apache Solr and Lucene is a big plus. The Company: Bloomberg, the global business and financial information and news leader, gives influential decision makers a critical edge by connecting them to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas. The company's strength - delivering data, news and analytics through innovative technology, quickly and accurately - is at the core of the Bloomberg Professional service, which provides real time financial information to more than 315,000 subscribers globally. Bloomberg's enterprise solutions build on the company's core strength, leveraging technology to allow customers to access, integrate, distribute and manage data and information across organizations more efficiently and effectively. Through Bloomberg Law, Bloomberg Government, Bloomberg New Energy Finance and Bloomberg BNA, the company provides data, news and analytics to decision makers in industries beyond finance. And Bloomberg News, delivered through the Bloomberg Professional service, television, radio, mobile, the Internet and three magazines, Bloomberg Businessweek, Bloomberg Markets and Bloomberg Pursuits, covers the world with more than 2,400 news and multimedia professionals at more than 150 bureaus in 73 countries. Headquartered in New York, Bloomberg employs more than 15,000 people in 192 locations around the world.	Senior Software Engineer - Bloomberg Vault Search Job	Bloomberg	New York	NY	New York, NY	Bloomberg	Sat, 07 Nov 2015 06:19:00 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=fd6d2c016f15fa3a&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa373kARte63065_Cu_FYF1nJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke1qo119s91i0
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Job Requisition Number: 42667 The Role: Bloomberg Vault is hiring Software Engineers to help us innovate in the way we develop our industry-leading communications monitoring and analytics service platform for the financial industry. Bloomberg Vault is a startup within the Bloomberg Enterprise group. Our infrastructure processes over 250 million messages per day and our archive manages over 80 billion communications objects ranging from e-mail to voice recordings. We believe in building the best cloud-services for our customers using the best tools for the job and we're looking for developers who want to have an impact in the financial industry. We are using open source technologies including: Java, Scala, Play Framework, Accumulo, Hadoop, jQuery, Docker IO. We specifically look for: A hands-on problem solver with excellent software design and implementation skills using scalable REST web services in Scala/Java (7,8) using Akka/Play. Solid experience with OO driven development and frameworks similar to Play Solid experience working with HTML5, AJAX, CSS and front-end technologies Experience as component owner making significant contributions to code, architecture, performance, robustness and reliability. A self-starter who brings energy, passion and creativity to work every day. What will help you qualify: BA/BS in Computer Science, related degree, or strong comparable experience. 5+ years of professional software development experience. Experience developing modern enterprise or REST applications using languages like Scala/Java/Python etc. Knowledge of RDBMs like MySQL, data modeling, SQL tuning and optimization Familiarity with NoSQL data stores like Accumulo, Solr, Redis or Memcache The Company: Bloomberg, the global business and financial information and news leader, gives influential decision makers a critical edge by connecting them to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas. The company's strength - delivering data, news and analytics through innovative technology, quickly and accurately - is at the core of the Bloomberg Professional service, which provides real time financial information to more than 315,000 subscribers globally. Bloomberg's enterprise solutions build on the company's core strength, leveraging technology to allow customers to access, integrate, distribute and manage data and information across organizations more efficiently and effectively. Through Bloomberg Law, Bloomberg Government, Bloomberg New Energy Finance and Bloomberg BNA, the company provides data, news and analytics to decision makers in industries beyond finance. And Bloomberg News, delivered through the Bloomberg Professional service, television, radio, mobile, the Internet and three magazines, Bloomberg Businessweek, Bloomberg Markets and Bloomberg Pursuits, covers the world with more than 2,400 news and multimedia professionals at more than 150 bureaus in 73 countries. Headquartered in New York, Bloomberg employs more than 15,000 people in 192 locations around the world.	Bloomberg Vault - Senior Software Engineer, API (Scala/Akka/Play) Job	Bloomberg	New York	NY	New York, NY	Bloomberg	Sat, 07 Nov 2015 06:19:00 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=4dc1fe2ca6f1bf7d&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa373kARte63065_Cu_FYF1nJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke1qo119s91i0
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Have you taken a broken system and made it good? Have you taken a good system and made it great? Have you taken a great system and made it purr like a baby ocelot? ZocDoc needs a Principal Engineer to anchor our Search Platform dev team. This role is for a highly experienced engineer with a tireless devotion to good system design across the entire stack. In this position, you’ll help us build out our next-generation search infrastructure to support new features, new technology, and more scale. What you’ll do: Work closely with our Data Science team to lead the implementation of new features and the evolution of our search platform technology Be accountable for the success of high-visibility projects and coordinate the technical efforts of a team working on concurrent search projects Work with senior ZocDoc technology leaders to conceptualize a vision for our search platform and execute upon that vision Mentor your team technically! We need someone who can really help engineers shine. What’s required: A passion for huge, scalable systems (i.e. you read HighScalability for fun) and stellar design (i.e. bad design makes you physically ill) Focus: Be able to follow a design through implementation and release Insatiable attention to detail. If something works and you don’t know why, you should be A) alarmed and B) driven to investigate. Exhaustive understanding of inversion of control/dependency injection. You should be able to design, implement, and unit test a system with ease. Mentorship: Not satisfied with just getting the job done, you should really enjoy helping your peers hone their skills. What you’ll get: An elite, highly-collaborative, fun-loving team The chance to work at a high-growth Silicon Alley company with a history of success and a future of incredible potential A key role building an intuitive, meaningful service – one that your friends and family will understand when you go home for the holidays An opportunity to help shape culture at one of the best places to work in NYC (Crain’s Best Place to Work, five years running) Great compensation – competitive salary, stock options, 100% employer-covered health and dental insurance, free lunch, and more The chance to create a better healthcare experience for millions of patients! 	Principal Software Engineer - Search Platform	ZocDoc	New York	NY	New York, NY	ZocDoc	Mon, 02 Nov 2015 09:48:52 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=05771ed94b39b7d9&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa373kARte63065_Cu_FYF1nJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke1qo119s91i0
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	The Software Engineer role, in the Development organization, works closely with the Product Owner and the Service Management teams globally to improve and extend the services. Principal Responsibilities &amp; Accountabilities Being part of a small development team designing and developing high quality software for the financial area. Develop and maintain/refactor existing software. Perform code reviews and write automated tests. Ensure that quality aspects are considered for all development efforts in the team. Support Service Management in running of the services. Work together with the product owner and other teams in an agile environment. Investigate and suggest new technologies and solutions. Competencies Ability to work well with others in a team-based environment. High attention to detail. Self-motivated. Well structured. Good communication skills. Ability to complete projects on time with minimal supervision. Willingness and ability to learn new technologies and tools. A strong technical interest and passion for the craftsmanship of writing solid code. Skills and Experience Experience building web-based systems. An understanding of common architectural and design patterns. Experience working with relational databases and/or key-value stores. Experience from Linux/Unix environments. Familiar with the full software development life cycle. University degree in computer science or similar experience. Merit Financial industry experience. About working at TriOptima We are looking for people passionate about technology and able to complete tasks in a cross functional team that works in an agile environment. TriOptima employees should be open to using and learning a diverse set of tools that can change with the task. We are currently working with Python and ClojureScript, modern web technologies, messaging, and various data stores like MySQL, Cassandra, and Vertica. * It is the policy and practice of ICAP North America, and its affiliates and subsidiaries (together, the “Company”) to abide by all anti-discrimination laws provided for by federal, state, and local statues and regulations. It is also the policy and practice of the Company to provide and promote equal employment opportunities for all applicants and employees. It is also the policy and practice of the Company to hire, train, promote, compensate and administer all employment practices without regard to race, color, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information, age, marital status, medical condition, religion, veteran status, liability for service in the Armed Forces of the united States, national origin, or disability unrelated to the ability to perform the essential functions of a job, or any other classification prohibited by law. Furthermore, The Company is committed to complying with the Americans with Disabilities Act. If you believe that you need a reasonable accommodation in order to apply for, or to complete an application for, employment due to a disability, please notify the Company within three (3) days of your application of your specific needs for a reasonable accommodation so that the Company can assist you where appropriate. The Company reserves the right to require documentation from an appropriate professional (e.g., a doctor, rehabilitation counselor, etc.) confirming that an applicant has a disability or concerning the functional limitations of the disability for which a reasonable accommodation is requested.	Software Engineer	ICAP	New York	NY	New York, NY	ICAP	Thu, 05 Nov 2015 11:36:06 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=de55669961afddfd&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa373kARte63065_Cu_FYF1nJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke1qo119s91i0
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	SMBC is looking for a senior software developer to develop software and systems to support front office systems: curve construction, pricing &amp; analytics, risk, revaluation, models, and general front office tools. Responsibilities: The candidate will need to independently design and write code in a variety of languages and toolsets, as well as maintain or redesign existing systems. He or she will demonstrate a high level of problem solving skills, and communicate with traders and other front office staff as well as with other members of the system team to assess front office needs and design and maintain systems to support the business. This is a hands-on programming position, so we are seeking someone with proven design and coding skills who is capable of working in numerical areas, rather than a quantitative researcher who is capable of doing programming in support of that research. Qualifications: - Undergraduate or graduate preparation in computer science from a top-tier computer science program (or equivalent), and significant (5+ years) practical work experience involving quantitative programming, preferentially in finance, - OR undergraduate or graduate preparation in a quantitative field (mathematics, physics, engineering) and significant (5+ years) practical programming experience, Not required but significant pluses: - Hands-on experience designing or enhancing algorithmic trading systems - Strong understanding of functional programming (F# in particular) and functional reactive programming paradigms - Familiarity with Microsoft Office technologies such as: Excel, COM, VSTO - Prior experience with financial systems, standards and protocols (FIX, FPML, SWIFT, Bloomberg...) - Formal background/training in mathematical finance Options: Apply for this job online Apply Refer Email this job to a friend Email Refer a LinkedIn connection Share on your newsfeed	Senior Software Engineer	Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation.	New York	NY	New York, NY	Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation.	Thu, 29 Oct 2015 22:58:03 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=fedb63cfb730ddae&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa373kARte63065_Cu_FYF1nJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke1qo119s91i0
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	At Capital One, we think big and do big things. We were the first company to develop and offer mass customization and personalization of credit card products, and we have been innovating relentlessly ever since. Today, we are a high-tech company, a scientific laboratory, and a nationally recognized brand all in one. We are a passionate and entrepreneurial team that embraces bold ideas, fosters collaboration, and delivers world-class products and services that touch tens of millions of customers. And we are looking for great technologists to join our team! Do you want to change the way the world interacts with their money? Do you have the desire to work and learn alongside some of the best engineers in the industry? Do you hate supporting IE8? You won’t have to here! Should we be using Ember.js or Angular.js? Then we want you! As part of our team, what will you do? You will be passionate and driven to create the world’s best consumer banking experiences AND you will: - Write code (delivering adaptive, and scalable solutions using JavaScript, JQuery, and Angular.js…to name a few) - Demand quality (developing elegant, powerful, and innovative user experiences) - Collaborate (partnering well with a diverse and passionate team) - Learn (adapting quickly to an evolving market and emerging UI paradigms) Here is what we will bring to the table: - Competitive salary and equity (including a robust 401(k) plan) - Excellent medical and dental insurance (and other health benefits) - Industry-leading maternity and paternity leave policies - A great working environment with a bunch of great people (early Bitcoin pioneers, ex-NASA engineers, and the authors of this job description) Here is what we would like you to bring to the table: QualificationsBasic Qualifications: - Bachelors Degree or military experience - At least 3 years of experience delivering production ready software - At least 3 years of experience working in the Scrum Agile methodologies - At least 1 year writing code for the User Interface (UI) Preferred Qualifications: - 1+ years of experience writing code using JavaScript - 1+ years of experience writing code using Angular.jsCapital One will consider sponsoring a new qualified applicant for employment authorization for this position. No agencies please. Capital One is an equal opportunity employer committed to diversity in the workplace. Capital One promotes a drug-free workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to gender, race, color, age, national origin, religion, disability, genetic information, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity/assignment, citizenship, pregnancy or maternity, protected veteran status, or any other status protected by applicable national, federal, state or local law. Capital One will consider for employment qualified applicants with a criminal history in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable laws regarding criminal background inquiries, including, to the extent applicable, Article 23-A of the New York Correction Law; San Francisco, California Police Code Article 49, Sections 4901-4920; Newark, New Jersey Ordinance 12-1630; and other applicable federal, state, and local laws and regulations regarding criminal background inquiries. JobTechnologyPrimary LocationUnited States-New York-New York-NYC 200 Park Avenue (22005)ScheduleFull-timeTravelYes, 10 % of the TimeJob PostingUnposting Date	Software Engineer, Front End	Capital One	New York	NY	New York, NY	Capital One	Fri, 06 Nov 2015 17:32:00 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=bc7bb1c642a2bc1c&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa373kARte63065_Cu_FYF1nJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke1qo119s91i0
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Warby Parker is a transformative lifestyle brand offering designer eyewear at a revolutionary price while leading the way for socially-conscious businesses. We’re looking to hire stellar Software Engineers to join our 50+ person onsite Engineering team and help build the next great lifestyle brand. Check out our blog The Oculists ( http://www.theoculists.com/ )! What you'll do: Build and improve software systems for a fast-growing, disruptive e-commerce company Collaborate in one of our agile teams, learning anything necessary to deliver exceptional technology Participate in code reviews and help maintain high standards of code quality Deliver limited-defect products through ubiquitous test automation Qualifications: At least 6 years of professional programming experience Quick learner and problem solver Impressive software development skills An aptitude and inclination for learning new domains quickly Excellent verbal and written communications skills Hunger for knowledge and skill sharing Desire to work on small collaborative teams with people that appreciate beautiful code Experience building complex yet maintainable system Comprehensive understanding of of computer science fundamentals Extra credit: Mastery of Python Expertise in data modeling in one or more modern relational databases and SQL High level experience in eCommerce Contribution to Open Source projects DevOps practices and principle Influential team leader Data Modeling/SQL Experience working with or for nonprofits Excellent marksmanship with Nerf guns About Warby Parker Warby Parker is a transformative lifestyle brand offering designer eyewear at a revolutionary price while leading the way for socially-conscious businesses. By cutting out the middlemen and engaging directly with consumers, we're able to offer ultra-high-quality, vintage-inspired frames for $95 including shipping. There's a bigger picture, too: social innovation is woven into the DNA of the company, and for every pair of glasses purchased, a pair is distributed to someone in need. Since all work and no play makes a dull office, we're thoroughly committed to infusing our days with surprises, brain stimulating activities, and, when appropriate, costumes. As a team member at Warby Parker you can look forward to company outings, guest speakers, and all sorts of other goodness. In 2015, Fast Company named us the #1 Most Innovative Company. We’re also a certified B Corporation, which means that we are held to the highest standards of social and environmental performance. Some benefits and perks of working at Warby Parker: Health, vision, and dental insurance Cell phone reimbursement Flexible “My Time” vacation policy Parental leave policy Retirement savings plan (401k) Free eyewear (discounts for friends and family!) Health &amp; wellness stipend Quarterly team outings 	Senior Software Engineer	Warby Parker	New York	NY	New York, NY	Warby Parker	Tue, 03 Nov 2015 06:56:03 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=e3aa8b621432f295&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa373kARte63065_Cu_FYF1nJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke1qo119s91i0
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Twitter connects hundreds of millions of users to real-time information about the world we live in. The New York engineering team is developing new products and technology to provide users with timely, relevant and personalized information. We’re incorporating the Twitter social graph which is a massive corpus of real-time information, and numerous interesting data signals. Behind the scenes, we are building highly scalable distributed systems, and the algorithms necessary to make sense of all this data — all within a matter of milliseconds. We are looking forAndroid Engineers to join our New York team to help make Twitter the best source of real-time content in the world. Responsibilities: Build exciting experiences around search and discover on Twitter's Android clients Work closely with other engineering teams, product management and design Rapidly fix bugs and solve problems Conduct design and code reviews Proactively look for ways to make Twitter better Requirements: BS or MS in Computer Science or equivalent work experience Excellent OO programming skills in Java Experience building applications in memory and bandwidth-constrained systems Passion for delivering great user experience Experience tuning performance of client applications Strong communication and documentation skills Desired: Android SDK experience Ability to innovate and partner with our design team to build multiple prototypes quickly Experience releasing successful mobile applications to the Apple App store or Android Marketplace Experience with multiple mobile platforms Active user of Twitter Active Twitter API developer	Android, Software Engineer (New York)	Twitter	New York	NY	New York, NY	Twitter	Thu, 05 Nov 2015 10:56:51 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=ae92c6259880dee8&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa373kARte63065_Cu_FYF1nJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke1qo119s91i0
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	About Us: CrowdTwist is seeking a Senior Software Engineer for our growing team based in New York City. In this role, you will work directly with all areas of our platform while adding new features and new products to the CrowdTwist platform. You will be involved in many different projects as we continue to grow and enhance our platform. Your work will be in front of millions of people and will directly influence the loyalty program offerings for many of our clients, such as Pepsi, Nestlé, Lancome, Ubisoft and Zumiez. We are a venture-backed NYC based company that provides the most comprehensive omni-channel loyalty &amp; analytics solutions for industry leading brands. We're relaxed, experienced, hard driving and are changing our industry. Your work will span many areas of the CrowdTwist platform, including but not limited to: The consumer-facing loyalty program experience Our RESTful APIs Our scalable microservices architecture Our client-facing content management applications Integrations with social networks (Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, Foursquare, etc) and vendors (PoS, ESP, CRM, Bazaarvoice, OrderGroove, etc) Our data-driven, client-customizable JavaScript SDK This role is for an engineer who loves to roll up their sleeves, dive in, and tackle any problem with speed and precision. You will be utilizing your experience with object-oriented software design and implementation, data modeling, and building high-performance, highly scalable web and data processing applications. We operate in an agile manner, so you must thrive in a fast-paced environment and enjoy shipping product. In this role, you will work with a broad backend tech stack, including but not limited to: PHP Java Oracle Redis MongoDB RabbitMQ Docker Amazon Web Services (EC2, VPC, ELB, S3, RedShift, CloudFront etc.) Various third-party services (Twilio, SendGrid, EdgeCast, etc.) About You: Have a BA/BS in Computer Science or equivalent experience Experience with both compiled and scripting languages Have 5+ years of professional experience with one or more of: PHP, Java, Ruby, Python, C, C++ Know your way around a relational and/or NoSQL database Write great code, view it as a craft, and love cranking out solid work You’ll be working with a large, highly-trafficked, scalable application. Quality is of extreme importance to us, so you’ll be writing unit and integration tests, which are used in our continuous integration process. Our QA team will show you no mercy, either — bring your “A" game. You should be back end-focused, but our front end tech stack covers a wide range of JavaScript frameworks and related tools, such as: Angular CoffeeScript Jade Sass Bonus points for front end development and systems administration experience. We have a fun, generous company culture that's built on our fundamental principle that when you give more, you get more: Competitive compensation and generous employee benefits package including fully paid Medical, Dental &amp; Vision plans for employees &amp; their dependents! Stock options for all employees! We bring toys to the office but still think the most fun thing to do is build product Collaborative work environment that fosters bonds beyond the workplace We treat our people well with employee recognition programs and referral bonuses Better than average team building activities such as paintball, go cart racing, shuffleboard, organized sporting teams and off-site retreats. Provide lunches, drinks and snacks so our team can be hungry for other things Learn from and teach each other at CrowdTwist U Dog friendly office environment If this sounds like you, get in touch. We're cool, relaxed, experienced, hard driving, changing our industry and looking for smart people like yourself to help tackle tough technical challenges. This is a full-time position based in our New York City office. Apply by sending us your resume and cover letter. Relocation assistance will be available if needed.	Senior Software Engineer	CrowdTwist	New York	NY	New York, NY	CrowdTwist	Fri, 30 Oct 2015 15:12:00 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=86f146ce83d423dc&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0GiAk0vS0dds46Ne62gfXyJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke1v0m19rj0jc
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	About Rent the Runway: Described by Forbes as “Tech’s Next Billion Dollar Star” Rent the Runway is set to disrupt the $1.7T Global Fashion Industry by ensuring that rental is a habitual, convenient, daily part of getting dressed. We believe that every woman in the U.S. and soon every woman in the world, should have a subscription to fashion that is powered by a mobile-first experience, aided by top-notch customer service and serviced by omni-channel capabilities. We also believe that fashion is an industry that should be democratized by giving everyone access to the real thing and the associated feelings of self-confidence that comes with. Since our launch in late 2009, we have raised over $125MM and built a transformative business model, proprietary technology all coded in-house, a unique reverse-logistics operation and one of the most beloved brands on earth. 5MM women in the U.S. are members of our community - many have used Rent the Runway for some of the most important events in their lives. We have also launched a foundation to support female entrepreneurship and help women build scalable businesses. There is a revolutionary spirit in our founding DNA that permeates to our culture today; Our team is smart, aggressive, entrepreneurial and ready to continue challenging old systems and rewriting new rules. About our Engineering Team: Our engineering team works on challenging product-oriented problems across the boundaries of e-commerce, mobile, analytics and shipping/fulfillment, and the backbone of our business is served by our custom logistics management system which is core to our capacity to deliver the right product to the right user at the right time. We utilize data, engineering and algorithms to create a personalized website and an adaptive supply chain to fulfill our commitment to an amazing customer experience. Engineers at Rent the Runway focus on solving business problems first, and receive the satisfaction that they have true impact on the success of the company. Many of our engineers are entrepreneurs themselves, and we strongly encourage a collaborative, product-driven culture across our organization. About this Role: We are looking for a software engineer with server-side development experience to work on our core software services. Our engineering team uses a service-oriented architecture to create RESTful APIs that power our website, our mobile app and site, and our warehouse technology. The technologies you will work with include Dropwizard, RabbitMQ, Redis, MySQL, and MongoDB. In this role you will work on both implementing critical product features as well as technical infrastructure to enable performance and scaling. Responsibilities: Participate in all aspects of agile software development including design, implementation, and deployment Develop highly scalable systems using a variety of tools and languages, including Java, Ruby, and multiple open-source technologies Deliver software against aggressive schedules Define architectural improvements to enable orders-of-magnitude growth in traffic and order volumes Work with business stakeholders to identify software solutions to business challenges Write clean, testable, and efficient code Qualifications: Degree in computer science, software engineering or 5+ years of programming experience Able to learn new tools and technologies quickly Experience working as part of a team software development effort Ability to manage your time and juggle competing priorities Exceptional communication skills 	Senior Software Engineer	Rent the Runway	New York	NY	New York, NY	Rent The Runway	Tue, 03 Nov 2015 16:32:00 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=eb3e8e3d11c0621d&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0GiAk0vS0dds46Ne62gfXyJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke1v0m19rj0jc
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Do you have true passion for technology? Do like being hands on and also influencing the technical direction of a project? Do you like being the “go to” person on tough technical challenges? At Globant (www.globant.com) we are a new breed technology services provider focused on delivering innovative software solutions by leveraging emerging technologies and focusing on the Digital Journey of the customer. With that in mind we then combine strong Engineering and Creative Design to deliver digital products that are appealing to large audiences. Globant is the place where engineering, design and innovation meet scale. Over the past 12 years we have created a top tier organization of over 4.500 professionals working for companies like LinkedIn, Electronic Arts, WT, Zynga, M-GO and Google to name just a few. And as a global company listed in the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE: “GLOB”), we have consistently strove to develop our areas of expertise and concentrated them into 12 Studios, each one equipped with several practices designed to satisfy the expectations of the most demanding clients and global audiences. At Globant we engage at all levels with passion, innovation and a near obsession for adding value to our clients with each interaction. As such we seek people with similar drive and ethics to join our growing team. Right now we are seeking several exceptional Principal Software Engineers to join our solutions engineering team. These positions will require a full-time presence in either San Francisco, New York, Los Angeles or Dallas . Relocation is available for exceptional candidates. This role requires a deep passion and expertise for a domain of software engineering, with the ability to think big (strategic) and also deliver critical execution where/when needed. A hands on thinker and doer who embraces change and expanding Agile requirements. The Principal Software Engineer is a subject matter expert in one, or more, of the following areas: Full stack JS development at scale using Angular and/or Bootstrap, OR Java or Node or Python or .NET web services engineering at scale using OOA/D/F principals and frameworks, OR Big data and/or machine learning building NoSQL, MongoDB and/or Hadoop solutions at scale in the cloud, OR Continuous integration / delivery within a DevOps environment that utilizes Python and/or Ruby, OR Network architecture that employs F5 load balancing and the latest cloud/data center architecture at scale The Principal Software Engineer is a resource for our engagement teams and often directly leads or consults on major projects. He/she should have better than average collaboration skills and also feel comfortable having technical discussions with Directors up to the CTO. The Principal Software Engineer should also have 7+ years experience and an undergraduate degree in computer science (masters is a plus) as well as an unrelenting curiosity that expresses itself through involvement in meetups or conferences or open source projects. Globant’s unique business model has led to many industry successes that include being selected as Endeavor Entrepreneur (2005); being named among the top 10 product engineering vendors (2011) by Global Services; being recognized among the top 10 vendors in mobile applications development (2012) by IDC Survey; being included in the 2010 Cool Vendor in Business Process Services Report by Gartner; and being featured as success case study at Harvard, MIT, Stanford and other top universities. We seek to deliver the optimal blend of engineering, design, and innovation capabilities to harness the potential of emerging technologies and trends to meet our clients’ needs. We look at the software development process from these three different but complementary angles in a constant quest for new insights. Did we also mention that we like to geek out and have fun with contests, hackathons, and prototyping with partners like Google ATAP Group on the Project Ara platform? We also believe in showing our people how much we value them, which is why one of the many benefits we offer is a fully paid by company PPO health plan. So if you would like to exercise your true potential, be mission critical to the product you are delivering, and be highly valued.....then please contact us today! Globant is an EOE M/F/D/V. For many positions relocation is available if needed. Globant does not accept unsolicited 3rd party resumes. 	Principal Software Engineer	Globant	New York	NY	New York, NY	Globant	Thu, 29 Oct 2015 04:10:05 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=31a562d0c8bdf834&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0GiAk0vS0dds46Ne62gfXyJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke1v0m19rj0jc
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Does this sound like you? You breathe Web application development You lean towards server-side programming but aren't afraid to tackle the full-stack Solving puzzles using code is your passion You thrive on building something better than the next person You excel under tight deadlines You look at something and immediately think about how you can improve it The job isn't finished, you aren't finished You aren't afraid of a start-up and everything that comes with one You are only happy when everyone in the room is blown away You want to do something special and game changing You believe in having a good time no matter how tough the work is or how quickly the deadlines are coming If so, you should join us! We're cool, relaxed, experienced, hard driving, changing our industry and looking for smart people like yourself to help tackle tough technical challenges. CrowdTwist is seeking an experienced Software Engineer to join the development team with a focus on server-side programming. The position is full-time and based in New York. We are currently running on Linux, PHP, Oracle, Apache, Node.js, MongoDB, Nginx, Redis, Memcached all hosted on Amazon Web Services (AWS). We are open to using any technology that solves our challenges in a thoughtful and expert way. About us: We are a venture backed NYC based company that provides the most comprehensive omni-channel loyalty &amp; analytics solutions for industry leading brands such as Pepsi, Nestlé Purina, VIZIO, the Miami Dolphins, Zumiez and others. We're relaxed, experienced and hard driving and are changing our industry. We have a fun, generous company culture that's built on our fundamental principle that when you give more, you get more: We bring toys to the office but still think the most fun thing to do is build product We love getting to know one another outside the office through CrowdTwist sponsored events (volleyball and dodgeball teams, high speed go-karting, bowling, paintball, happy hour, the list goes on and on) Provide lunches, drinks and snacks so our team can be hungry for other things Learn from and teach each other at CrowdTwist U Try to say what we mean and mean what we say We offer a generous employee benefits package including stock options, fully paid Medical, Dental &amp; Vision plans for employees &amp; their dependents! About you: You have a college degree in Computer Science (or comparable) You have 3+ years developing large scale web applications with PHP, Java, Ruby or Python You have in-depth knowledge of both object oriented programming and procedural programming and understand when to use which You love Linux You have serious data modeling and SQL skills You understand unit testing and overall software quality You are meticulous, bordering on ridiculous And we'd love to see: Experience with Oracle and PL/SQL Experience with PHP 5 and object-oriented PHP Experience with Redis, MongoDB, Node.js, Nginx, Apache modules Experience with Git Take a peek inside our office here: Life at CrowdTwist Only short-listed candidates will be contacted. 	Software Engineer	CrowdTwist	New York	NY	New York, NY	CrowdTwist	Fri, 30 Oct 2015 15:15:00 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=c49a7392565ee136&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0GiAk0vS0dds46Ne62gfXyJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke1v0m19rj0jc
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	We're redefining what’s possible on iOS. From swiping cards to paying with your name, we’re working with our mobile design team to constantly evolve what customers can do on the platform. We move quickly and carefully, and we release major new versions several times a year. You will: Design, implement, and maintain well architected client codebases that are critical to running our customers' businesses and integrated with Square hardware and services Make every pixel (and sub-pixel) perfect, every transition accurate and responsive, and every metaphor intuitive Deliver reliable software through continuous integration, automated testing, and in-depth code reviews Improve our unique apps which allow anyone to start a business, accept payments, and pay effortlessly Envision entire new products, features, and flows that are inspired, considered, and magical You have: Bachelors degree in Computer Science or equivalent experience Experience developing apps for iOS or Mac Experience designing and developing client applications in C++ or Objective-C Technologies we use and teach: Objective-C/Cocoa Xcode Swift iOS SDK OSX, Linux, JavaScript Products we work on: Register (new confidential project) At Square, we value diversity and always treat all employees and job applicants based on merit, qualifications, competence, and talent. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. We will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.	Software Engineer, iOS - New York	Square	New York	NY	New York, NY	Square	Thu, 29 Oct 2015 11:52:00 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=b07ec2f370b94ee0&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0GiAk0vS0dds46Ne62gfXyJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke1v0m19rj0jc
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	We are now seeking a highly experienced Software Engineer to join our Engineering Team. In this role, you will be responsible for overseeing the architecture, design, development and implementation of multiple software development projects. The candidate will have a proven ability to drive technical projects and provide leadership for a team of developers in an onsite/offshore delivery model in a fast paced environment. · Have experience providing technical leadership to development teams and insures the team develops solutions that are within established architecture and coding/technology standards. · Conducts and is accountable for regular code reviews for his team, ensuring proper coding, conformance to standards and best practices, including performance, reliability, scalability, extensibility and high quality. · Lead multiple medium to large size projects and deliver solutions in line with expectations and commitments. · Provide architectural leadership building solutions that will be easy to maintain and enhance in the long run. · Assume primary ownership for the projects assigned and work with various technology communities to achieve these project objectives. · Lead or coordinate technical teams in designing and prototyping technical solutions. Qualifications · 8 plus years hands on development experience, preferably in multiple environments · Must be proficient in coding Java based solutions and demonstrate strong object-oriented analysis and design skills · Strong database knowledge, including ANSI SQL, Views and ORM technologies. Should possess a working knowledge of Relational Database set-theory · Ability to quickly assimilate new technologies, tools, internal/external systems and design frameworks. Strong and broad technology background. · Mentor more junior developers to increase skills in software development, including best practices, design and implementation. Facilitate or directly transfer technical information and requirements. · Must demonstrate initiative and strong follow-through. · Must be able to be able to multi-task providing technical leadership to other developers. · Must have strong communication skills, both oral and written. Ability to communicate with multiple personnel levels effectively. · Must be detail oriented and able to prioritize appropriately. · Familiarity with / hands-on experience in: o ExtJS o ESB’s including creating stateless Services and Service invocation as well as creating complex applications. o JMS concepts o Java multi-threading and thread safe coding techniques · Experience in working within public frameworks (Spring) as well as private frameworks · Portlet design a plus · Test Driven Development · Experience with Jenkins/Nexus/Maven/Sonar technology stack · .NET/C# experience a plus Department/Team With 400 employees and 800 contractors worldwide, Moody's Information Technology ("MIT") is the largest department of Moody's Shared Services and provides technology solutions for Moody's Investors Service, Moody's Shared Services and Moody’s Analytics. The organization is going through an exciting period of growth and opportunity as we embark on a corporate-wide Transformation program and partner with the business to drive revenue growth, efficiency, risk management, and expansion of our client base via new solutions and application modernization. The development and ongoing support of key ratings and enterprise systems ensure the company's premier standing among credit rating agencies and enable its evolution alongside regulatory and business demands.	AVP - Software Engineer	Moody's Corporation	New York	NY	New York, NY	Moody's Corporation	Tue, 03 Nov 2015 19:29:25 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=8f33d66f35b4940d&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0GiAk0vS0dds46Ne62gfXyJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke1v0m19rj0jc
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Job Category: Technology/EngineeringTime Inc. is one of the largest branded media companies in the world. The company reaches more than 130 million people globally each month across multiple platforms, with influential brands like Time, People, Sports Illustrated, InStyle, Real Simple, Travel + Leisure, Food &amp; Wine and Wallpaper. Time Inc. is home to celebrated events and franchises including the Fortune 500, Time 100, People's Most Beautiful, Sports Illustrated's Sportsman of the Year, Essence Festival in New Orleans and the Food &amp; Wine Classic in Aspen. The Job This position will work in the Information Technology Advertising Systems group with a focus Advertising Analytics Tools. The position requires Java development of custom reporting and analytics platforms. The ideal candidate will have greater than 8 years of experience developing and designing Java applications using relational or columnar databases. Experience in the Media, Publishing, and/or Ad Tech business is also a plus. You Will : Develop Java applications for Time Inc.’s Competitive Advertising &amp; Audience Intelligence &amp; Analytics area You Have : Bachelors Degree in Computer Science or related field required Expertise with Java Programming &amp; J2EE Experience with Spring MVC Experience in Agile environments Experience connecting to database with JDBC/ODBC Experience consuming and creating RESTFul web services (API) Experience with HTML/CSS/JQuery Experience with any BI tool or D3.js is a plus Experience with Bootstrap is a major plus Experience with MEAN stack (mongoDB, Express, AngularJS, Node.js) is a major plus Business knowledge of online advertising is a major plus Job Location: New York – New York	Java/J2EE Software Engineer - Ad Analytics	Time Inc	New York	NY	New York, NY	Time Inc	Wed, 28 Oct 2015 08:01:58 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=0db9cc16f84ca585&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0GiAk0vS0dds46Ne62gfXyJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke1v0m19rj0jc
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Twitter is the reference source of real-time information in the world. We are building in our team the most advanced platform for automatically understanding this content at global scale and in real-time, based on deep learning. The applications are tremendous and directly impact the lives of our users and the success of our business. We are looking for the best engineer to build, scale and maintain the backbone of our online distributed systems for learning, prediction and large scale visualization of Twitter content. Responsibilities: Design, contribute and maintain a distributed systems processing online and offline image, video and text at the rate of Twitter Be awesome in developing JVM services (Scala, Java) Contribute to a mixed stack/full stack environment: the platform will include production backend code (scala), training jobs (lua, C, CUDA), web services and all the way to frontend code for live monitoring Work in a collaborative manner with team members in remote offices Balance out your desire to ship code with your responsibility to get it right Requirements: Extensive experience with web infrastructure, distributed systems, performance analysis, search infrastructure and/or large-scale data processing Experience with software engineering best practices (e.g. unit testing, code reviews, design documentation) Strong algorithms and data structures background BS, MS, or PhD in Computer Science or equivalent work experience Desired: Familiarity with numeric algorithms and machine learning algorithms Open-source contributor	Software Engineer, Systems (Deep Learning)	Twitter	New York	NY	New York, NY	Twitter	Thu, 05 Nov 2015 10:56:15 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=7253bf550a53d1a1&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0GiAk0vS0dds46Ne62gfXyJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke1v0m19rj0jc
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Position Description As a member of the Capital IQ Technology team, you will work with a group of intelligent and ambitious engineers recruited from top universities and industries. Our Software Engineers are involved in the full product life cycle, from design through release. You will be expected to participate in the design review process, write high-quality code, and work with a dedicated team of QA Analysts, Business Analysts, and Database Developers. You will be responsible for creating technical designs, coding high-performing client and server application software, and ensuring quality through a robust testing process. Software Engineers at Capital IQ work with the latest technologies and are rewarded for innovation and delivery. We are currently seeking a Software Engineer for our New York City office, who enjoy working with new and emerging technologies and also want to have a direct impact on the global finance industry. Responsibilities: Design and develop solutions to support key business needs. Build high-quality, high-performance, scalable software. Engineer components, and common services based on standard corporate development models, languages and tools. Produce system design documents. Collaborate effectively with technical stakeholders. Must be able to document and demonstrate solutions by writing documentation, diagrams, and code comments. Qualifications: Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Information Systems or Engineering. 3 years of significant experience in application development using C#, ASP.NET MVC, Web API, .Net window services and SQL Server Proficient with software development lifecycle (SDLC) methodologies like Agile, Test-driven development. Extensive knowledge of system architecture, object-oriented design, and design patterns. Understanding of product versioning, packaging and deployment Microsoft Office Solutions Development a huge plus (VSTO) Preferred Skills: Extensive knowledge of .NET CLR via C# Experience developing Microsoft Office Add Ins. About S&amp;P Capital IQ and McGraw Hill Financial S&amp;P Capital IQ is a leading provider of multi-asset class and real time data, analytics, and analytics. A career at S&amp;P Capital IQ puts you in a position to be essential to institutional investors, investment advisors and wealth managers around the world. Learn more at http://www.mhfi.com/careers/our-brands/sp-capital-iq McGraw Hill Financial includes Standard &amp; Poor’s Ratings Services, S&amp;P Capital IQ, S&amp;P Dow Jones Indices, J.D. Power and Platts. Together, we’re the foremost providers of essential intelligence for the capital and commodities markets. McGraw Hill Financial is an equal opportunity employer committed to making all employment decisions on the basis of merit, capability and equality of opportunity, and without regard to race/ethnicity, gender, pregnancy, gender identity or expression, color, creed, religion, national origin, age, disability, marital status (including domestic partnerships and civil unions), sexual orientation, military veteran status, unemployment status, or any other basis prohibited by federal, state or local law, or any other characteristic that has no bearing on a person’s ability to perform his or her job. Only electronic job submissions will be considered for employment. If you need an accommodation during the application process due to a disability, please send an email to aapteam@mhfi.com. and your request will be forwarded to the appropriate person. The EEO is the Law Poster http://www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/pdf/eeopost.pdf describes discrimination protections under federal law.	Software Engineer	S&P CAPITAL IQ	New York	NY	New York, NY	McGraw Hill Financial	Wed, 28 Oct 2015 04:12:04 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=200bc8bd24283636&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0GiAk0vS0dds46Ne62gfXyJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke1v0m19rj0jc
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Job Description We live in a moment of remarkable change and opportunity. The convergence of data and technology is transforming industries, society and even the workplace. New roles are being created that never existed before to meet the demands of this transformation. IBM is now looking for talent destined to usher in the next era of cognitive computing.Embark on the journey with us at IBM Watson. The candidate will be passionate about User Interface (UI) development, like to code and have an eye for clean, intuitive design. The candidate will be driven to create the best experience for the users and thrive as part of a cross-functional team in a collaborative environment. The candidate is also someone who demonstrates the leadership, technical curiosity, and tenacity to partner with some of the leading technologists in the field of cognitive computing. The candidate will want to use their abilities to deliver the next generation of applications.Responsibilities include: * Work directly with user experience designers to design, prototype, and implement a next generation UI* Collaborate with other developers to help drive design, development, and testing effort* Build quality and reusable software components* Contribute to innovation across all facets of the development processCandidates have experience in the following areas: * Building web applications* Developing front-end javascript* Advanced knowledge of web technologies (HTML5/Cascading Style Sheets (CSS))* Experience working with javascript libraries and frameworks (AngularJS, Backbone, jQuery, etc)* Experience working with front end testing tools (Jasmine, Karma, etc)* Ability to write high-performance, reusable code for UI components Qualifications null Additional Information null	Watson User Interface (UI) Software Engineer	IBM	New York	NY	New York, NY	IBM	Sun, 01 Nov 2015 03:06:43 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=f91c868290f5b0bc&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0GiAk0vS0dds46Ne62gfXyJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke1v0m19rj0jc
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Develop complex cloud infrastructure soluitons, leveraging OOP skills - and learn from and grow with an award-winning team. Are you an experienced Developer and Infrastructure Engineer looking to grow your skills in the cloud space? We have an opportunity for an ambitious engineer, dedicated to both top-notch infrastructure and cutting-edge softeware development - with a strong desire to drive innovation and work with the latest cloud technologies. We work primarily in the Microsoft cloud space using the Azure platform and are looking for someone who is excited to learn new technologies and work on cutting edge architectures. Desired Skills/Experience Strong .NET 3.5, C# skills Knowledge of team foundation server or source control systems such as svn, github. Continuous integration is a must. Unit testing tools such as mstest or nunit Powershell scripting language WCF, asmx and restful services Excellent Knowledge of Database concepts and good knowledge of SQL Server (TSQL, Stored Procedures, SSRS and SSIS) PowerShell scripting is a plus Experience with strategic consulting/extremely comfortable managing client relationships and project expectations Microsoft certifications are a plus (MCSE, MCSA, MCITP) Strong communication &amp; leadership skills Strong, concise documentation skills Understanding of EAI and SOA Messaging Patterns Additional Skills &amp; Competencies: Bachelor’s Degree required in Computer Science or appropriate work experience preferred Microsoft certifications preferred Must be a self-starter who requires minimal supervision Excellent interpersonal and organizational skills, ability to handle diverse situations, multiple projects and rapidly changing priorities Responsibilities: Work with project and product teams, provide technical leadership, design and delivery Support the projects with top-notch code! About Nimbo: In 2010, two technologists started a firm focused on the Cloud that is quickly becoming a leading provider of Enterprise Cloud Migration services. Just named Microsoft’s East Region Cloud Partner of the Year at MSFT’s World Partner Conference in Houston, we are continuing to build core capabilities across other platforms, like Amazon AWS, Google, IBM SmartCloud, and RackSpace. Complex custom application development is a big part of Nimbo’s value proposition, and we look for people who can bridge network engineering and web development worlds. As Microsoft’s launch partner for Integration as a Service, we put BizTalk in the cloud. As an integral part of the Nimbo team, you can expect to be involved with a lot of different technologies – with the cloud at the center of our universe. You will do high-level solutions architecture and run strategy sessions, playing a trusted advisory role for with CIOs of Fortune 1000 companies. You will also be hands-on, implementing the solutions as part of a small project team.	C#.Net Engineer (Software Developer) - NYC	Nimbo	New York	NY	New York, NY	Nimbo	Tue, 03 Nov 2015 10:35:16 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=7c0c1dfe0974e436&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0GiAk0vS0dds46Ne62gfXyJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke1v0m19rj0jc
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	American Express is looking for a highly energetic Senior Software Pega Engineers to create a new team that is nimble and creative with the power to shape our technology and product roadmap. Senior Software Engineers that join our Engineering team will be part of a fast-paced, entrepreneurial team responsible for delivering the primary platforms supporting Financial Underwriting of commercial business units to right-size customers spend capacity across all of their existing accounts. This also supports Global Corporate Payments (GCP) On-boarding and Customer Management Risk functions, while also supporting enterprise wide Commercial Rating across all whole sale portfolios. You will be challenged with identifying innovative ideas and Minimum Viable Products (MVPs) to deliver against the existing and future needs of our customers. Job Responsibilities: • Leads the design, development, troubleshooting and debugging work efforts for customer facing applications, business applications, and/or internal end-user applications. • Owns all technical aspects of software development for assigned applications; Performing hands-on architecture, design, and development of systems • Works with product owners to prioritize features for ongoing sprints and managing a list of technical requirements based on industry trends, new technologies, known defects, and issues • Typically spends 50% of time writing code and testing, and remainder of time collaborating with stakeholders through ongoing product/platform releases • Mentors teams of junior and senior engineers through ongoing development efforts • Driving consistent development practices - tools and common components; Developing deep understanding of tie-ins with other systems and platforms within the supported domains and working to simplify them where possible • Working with technical product managers contributing to blueprints, and assisting with annual planning of feature sets • Identifying exciting opportunities for adopting new technologies to solve existing needs and predicting future challenges • Reviews others' systems designs to ensure selection of appropriate technology, efficient use of resources, and integration of multiple systems and technology • Integrates software and hardware sub-systems in new systems, upgrades, enhancements and conversions • Understands the complete vertical platform environment (technical stack) Offer of employment with American Express is conditioned upon the successful completion of a background verification check, subject to applicable laws and regulations. Qualifications Qualifications: • 8+ years of experience in building and implementing model-driven, enterprise-level business solutions and applications. • BS or MS degree in computer science, computer engineering, or other technical discipline • Pega Certified LSA or SSA required. • Experience with Pega PRPC 6+, Pega 7+ • Must have architected, performed detailed design, and deployed Enterprise grade Pega applications. • Strong Object Oriented techniques and principles. • Demonstrated expertise in Service Oriented Architecture (SOA) based architecture approaches, design methodologies, and design patterns. • Must have prior technical leadership experience. • Experience working on the Linux or UNIX platforms. Exposure to multiple platforms is a plus. • Demonstrated experience in Agile development, application design, software development, and testing. • Ability to effectively communicate with internal and external business partners. American Express is an equal opportunity employer and makes employment decisions without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, disability status, or any other status protected by law. Click here to view the "EEO is the Law" poster. If the link does not work, please copy and paste the following URL in a new browser window: http://www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/ofccpost.htm . ReqID: 15018270	Senior Software Engineer - PEGA	American Express	New York	NY	New York, NY	American Express	Tue, 03 Nov 2015 23:58:18 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=00df49b900d416b1&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0GiAk0vS0dds46Ne62gfXyJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke1v0m19rj0jc
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	DigitalOcean’s software engineers develop next generation cloud infrastructure technology that will change how millions of developers build, deploy, and scale web applications. Our mission is to simplify cloud infrastructure; this requires knowledge in many different fields including distributed systems, virtualization, software defined networking, scale out storage, real-time data processing, and user interface design. You will work on a small team and own delivery from concept to production. We do not limit engineers to a specific product domain, which allows you to switch teams or projects on an ongoing basis, growing your skills and knowledge base. As a member of the Delivery team, you will build solutions that provide DigitalOcean engineers with robust and comprehensive set of primitives for bringing a service from development to production. We believe that by providing the right set of tools and automation our product engineering teams can focus on shipping innovative products to our customers faster and more reliably. --------------------- What You'll Be Doing: --------------------- Develop, evaluate and deploy software to provide automation and modern tooling around our internal software delivery pipeline, which consists of solving problems such as: Continuous Integration Deployment Orchestration Secret management Service discovery Partner with various engineering teams to make sure that we deliver an excellent developer workflow spanning from development-to-production Participate in reviewing code, help evaluate implementations and provide feedback about potential improvements Drive adoption of the internal services that we build -------------------------------- What We'll Expect From You: -------------------------------- Expertise with at least one of the following languages: Go, Ruby, Python, C/C++, Java You know how to work with configuration management tooling such as Puppet, Chef or similar You have desire to build systems to help your fellow engineers to deliver their software to production more quickly and reliably You are passionate about shipping well engineered and tested code Familiarity with Distributed Systems programming -------------------- Technologies we use: -------------------- Languages such as Go and Ruby Tools such as Mesos, Zookeeper, Kafka, Consul, Docker, and Chef ------------------------ Working at DigitalOcean: ------------------------ DigitalOcean pays 100% of the premium for health, dental and vision and 50% of the premium for dependents Competitive compensation including a 401k with up to 4% employer match Flexible vacation time Stock options Corporate Seamless account to keep your hunger at bay Monthly commuter expense and gym membership allowance Great office space located in the heart of SoHo 	Software Engineer: Delivery	DigitalOcean	New York	NY	New York, NY	DigitalOcean	Fri, 30 Oct 2015 15:14:00 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=8e18b916e8dcf025&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0GiAk0vS0dds46Ne62gfXyJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke1v0m19rj0jc
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Haymarket Media Inc., is looking for an experienced MVC Software Engineer for development of our custom Content Management System that powers web, mobile, and app platforms. This position is located in our New York, NY office. Job Overview: The MVC Software Engineer would be working on some of the latest technologies as part of our stack like MVC5, MongoDB, WebAPI, Bootstrap, etc. along with Jira, Git, and other latest supporting technologies. The ideal candidate will have a few years of solid MVC experience, and can bring to the table architectural and design ideas. S/he will also need to be a top-down thinker and developer to ensure that their output is extensible, reusable, and scalable. S/he needs to be a great communicator and team player as s/he bridges the gap between design, requirements, and code base. S/he will also need to be a hands-on developer that can write code while keeping an eye on performance. The ideal candidate will stay up to date on emerging technologies and trends and can understand how they could be applied here at Haymarket. Responsibilities: Implement application features and user stories alone or with others on a schedule and with high quality Work with team leads to create polished and intuitive product enhancements Extend existing code base in .Net, nHibernate, MongoDB, and SQL Keep users and usability in focus at all times Collaborate with Product Management and QA to ensure requirements are user-centered and testable. Required Skills: Good understanding and experience of MVC with Razor view engine ASP .Net C# SQL Server 2008/12 JQuery, Ajax Knowledge of HTML, Javascript, web services, web security OO design and development best practices XML/APIs/JSON GitHub Unit testing experience Good to have: MongoDB WebAPI Amazon Web Services Test Driven Development Continuous Integration Solr Mobile development knowledge Bootstrap js framework REST architecture Skills and Requirements: We are seeking candidates who exhibit a strong desire to work in a demanding environment and have a record of high achievement. Successful candidates will have: Bachelor of Science degree in Computer Science or a related field Solid understanding of Computer Science fundamentals 5+ years experience with Web development using Microsoft technologies Deep knowledge of C#, MVC, and ASP.NET, &amp; SQL Server/Relational Database Models Working knowledge of SQL and relational databases Demonstrable experience architecting end-to-end database-dependent applications The ability to work on multiple tasks, prioritizing and organizing these tasks to maximize productivity A passion for development and software in general, huge plus if you can point us to your github or stackoverflow account or various side projects Demonstrated experience in Agile / Scrum development methods. Please submit cover letter, salary requirements, and resume for consideration.	MVC Software Engineer	Haymarket Media Inc.	New York	NY	New York, NY	Haymarket Media Inc.	Wed, 28 Oct 2015 16:37:15 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=f1a380502cb68935&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0GiAk0vS0dds46Ne62gfXyJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke1v0m19rj0jc
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	As a member of Foursquare’s engineering team, we want you to bring experience building real products in the real world from the ground up. Your teammates should see you as a programming expert and go to you with their toughest problems. You should be comfortable jumping in the deep end and learning new skills on a bleeding edge platform (Scala, Thrift, and MongoDB). Join us and help bring our feature ideas (and your own!) off the whiteboard and into reality. Here are some high level areas you could help with: - Scale our architecture and improve performance to handle 1M new users each month - Launch features that make cities easier to explore - Build intelligent distributed systems to harness hundreds of terabytes of data [and growing] using hadoop, hive, scalding, sstables, and more Our engineers play a key role in product development, from concept to launch, so be ready to bring your creative ideas to the table. And because we push new versions of the website and API multiple times a week, it won't take long to get your work out in front of our millions of users. You can join our engineering team at our San Francisco or New York City headquarters. Requirements BS/MS/PhD in Computer Science or related field preferred 2+ years experience building products for fast growing web or mobile products Strong Java experience or, even better, experience and/or interest in Scala A plus if comfortable with AJAX based websites (JavaScript and jQuery) or if experienced with mobile development Bonus points for experience using Hive, Hadoop, Flume, or Mapreduce Comfortable in a small and high-growth start-up environment 	Software Engineer	Foursquare	New York	NY	New York, NY	foursquare	Wed, 04 Nov 2015 10:58:00 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=d2d38f2f9b6056a6&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0GiAk0vS0dds46Ne62gfXyJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke1v0m19rj0jc
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	This is an exciting opportunity to develop your technical skills, as you learn collateral management and be exposed to derivatives domain in financial services. Work as a member of the collateral development team, focused on the Omgeo ProtoColl product. This role is responsible for the design and delivery of functionality and enhancements. This role requires good analytical skills, experience of Java, OOPS, and SQL. Principal Responsibilities Collaborate with cross functional teams for specific Product Development efforts. Assist and provide input during the creation of business requirements and functional design. Work with the QA staff during various phases of testing. Experience of Java, J2EE technologies, design patterns, JMS, JDBC Experience of SQL, particularly MS SQL Server, and specifically stored procedure development Source control management, including use of CVS, branching and other labelling Experience of JUnit, ANT and continuous build and test tools Participate in customer implementation projects from a technical perspective, including Discovery Phases, producing Functional and Technical Specifications, working with Integration Team to run successful implementation projects to delivery Experience Analytical, and object oriented design skills Experience in Java, SQL, OOP Experience of HTML/Javascript Application development experience using J2EE 2+ years Java Understanding of Unix, writing shell scripts Financial Services or related industry preferred. BA, BS or BCS preferred Knowledge and Skills Required Good analytical and diagnostic skills. Experienced software development skills Good written and verbal communication Demonstrated problem solving skills Ability to work well in cross functional teams Education, Training &amp;/or Certification Bachelor’s degree in CSci, or related area or comparable experience With over 40 years of experience, DTCC is the premier post-trade market infrastructure for the global financial services industry. From operating facilities, data centers and offices in 23 countries, DTCC, through its subsidiaries, automates, centralizes, and standardizes the post-trade processing of financial transactions, mitigating risk, increasing transparency and driving efficiency for thousands of broker/dealers, custodian banks and asset managers worldwide. User owned and industry governed, the firm simplifies the complexities of clearing, settlement, asset servicing, data management and information services across asset classes, bringing increased security and soundness to the financial markets. In 2014, DTCC’s subsidiaries processed securities transactions valued at approximately US$1.6 quadrillion. Its depository provides custody and asset servicing for securities issues from over 131 countries and territories valued at US$64 trillion. DTCC’s global trade repository maintains approximately 40 million open OTC positions and processes roughly 280 million messages a week. To learn more, please visit www.dtcc.com or follow us on Twitter @The_DTCC.	Software Engineer - ProtoColl	DTCC	Jersey City	NJ	Jersey City, NJ	DTCC	Thu, 29 Oct 2015 05:24:44 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=81c94d0aad8faf9c&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0GiAk0vS0dds46Ne62gfXyJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke1v0m19rj0jc
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Build innovative front office trading platforms. Design and develop software to meet the needs of using systems such as Java, C++, and Unix on the back-end and Windows trader desktop on the front-end. Deliver large volumes of trade or pricing data to the desktop. Build sophisticated web-services projects and help clients create engaging web applications. Recommend software upgrades for customers’ existing programs and systems. REQUIREMENTS Master of Science degree in computer science/computer engineering/ electrical engineering and one year of experience developing software for the financial services industry or a Bachelor of Science degree in computer science/computer engineering/ electrical engineering and five years’ experience developing software for the financial services industry; Must have experience writing commercial-grade software applications; Must have significant knowledge of Agile software development, multi-threading and real-time software architecture; Must have experience with Java, Spring, Oracle PL/SQL, JMS, SQL, ORM tools, Shell scripting, unit testing, and UNIX HOW TO APPLY Please send your resume attached to an email or addressed to: HR Lab49, Inc. 1345 6th Avenue, Floor 50 New York, NY 10105 Please quote ref code: HR1	SOFTWARE ENGINEER (WASHINGTON, DC)	Lab49	New York	NY	New York, NY	Lab49	Mon, 26 Oct 2015 19:17:27 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=5b4aab59c3590d7d&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0GiAk0vS0dds46Ne62gfXyJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke1v0m19rj0jc
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	About the Team AppNexus offers one of the most powerful client-facing products in the online advertising industry: AppNexus Console. Our team is tasked with building an intuitive and simple interface, as well as maintaining the complex and powerful systems that underlie it. Our clients rely on our front-end applications to easily operate and expand their businesses, efficiently buying and selling online advertising inventory. Equally key, is our robust back-end platform, which clients can integrate into directly and our Front End sits on top of. These tools enhance complex workflow rules and validations, expose terabytes of ad serving analytics and performance data, and enable our clients to better analyze and optimize their campaigns. Together this set of tools control accesses to the business objects that drive ad serving and bidding at AppNexus. Our system is powerful enough to handle high-volume requests distributed across data centers on three continents and versatile enough to support their need to understand how their business is performing and how they can better perform. Consider Some of the Problems You Will Try to Solve Prototype to Production: As a bold company where Engineers work right alongside Product Managers, we go from iterating &amp; validating a new concept with beta customers to developing it into production-quality code. Our challenge is to create new interfaces that are intuitive for first-time users and arm them with the capabilities they need to control the micro details of their businesses Overcoming scale challenges: How do we maintain speed, availability, and reliability as our client base grows and the number of objects and relationships within our system increases exponentially? Contribute to the growth of a mature platform as we continue to use open source technologies to increase up-time and reduce latency Modular: We follow modular design patterns, making our components reusable and configurable to support modified UIs based on comparable use cases. Build a new microservice-based platform, which enables our engineering teams to continue to grow and develop products quickly and with minimal bottlenecks Data Visualization: We create critical charting and visualizations that are backed by reporting &amp; data aggregations from the industry’s largest data sets. We communicate relevant data points with intuitive charts and sufficient context to help our customers make the right multimillion dollar decisions daily. Current projects include streaming near-real-time data to our clients in order to give them insight into campaign performance About the Job Develop new features for the Console UI and RESTful Web Services, the interface to our advertising technology platform Architect, implement &amp; test new features and system components Debug issues in our production applications Write efficient and maintainable code including automated tests for business critical components Work in a large cross functional engineering team to implement end-to-end solutions Collaborate with Product Managers with diverse technology backgrounds Deploy regular code releases to production and test environments Participate in design discussions about new features and approaches to implementing new services Provide mentorship and guidance to junior developers About Your Skills BA/BS degree and 6+ years of experience in software engineering OR MS degree and 4+ years of experience (Degree in Computer Science or related field preferred) Strong knowledge of and an interest in JavaScript and experience with JavaScript frameworks such as Angular.js, React.js, and Ember.js Thorough understanding and work experience in in any back end language, such as Java, Scala, Python, PHP Demonstrated skill in designing and architecting large systems Strong database skills Knowledge of RESTful Web services Knowledge of computer science fundamentals: Object-Oriented programming, design and asynchronous and event-driven development Passion for engineering and computer science that solves user-facing problems Experience writing unit and integration tests Ability to work independently and make use of your time effectively Experience using debuggers, profiles and other development tools More About You You are passionate about a culture of learning and teaching. You love challenging yourself to constantly improve, and sharing your knowledge to empower others You like to take risks when looking for novel solutions to complex problems. If faced with roadblocks, you continue to reach higher to make greatness happen You care about solving big, systemic problems. You look beyond the surface to understand root causes so that you can build long-term solutions for the whole ecosystem You believe in not only serving customers, but also empowering them by providing knowledge and tools Want to know more about AppNexus? Explore the links below to learn about our values, why we like to work here, and how we hire. 	Senior Software Engineer, Full Stack	AppNexus	New York	NY	New York, NY	AppNexus	Wed, 28 Oct 2015 01:25:23 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=3cab560e8ead2030&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0GiAk0vS0dds46Ne62gfXyJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke1v0m19rj0jc
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Work with a global technology leader and join the core development team working on front-end, real-time trading application. As a pivotal member of the team, take features at the wireframe stage and convert them to production code. You will work with other C# experts solving real world UI experiences, creating best in class software. Required Skills 3 + years experience in OO design and development and a BS in Computer Science or related field. Competency with C# and front end development skills with WPF with experience developing high-frequency client software in C# .NET 3.5. Development experience with complex thick-client GUIs - from concept through SDLC Experience in Test Driven Development / Unit Testing. Good knowledge software engineering principles including development and release lifecycle processes. Ability and passion to learn a new industry Able to work both independently and in teams on disparate tasks - highly motivated individual with excellent time management skills. Exceptional problem solving skills. A passion for learning new technologies and best practices in software development. Excellent communication and interpersonal skills. Strong preference: Experience in developing high-frequency WPF application(s). Knowledge of : - Design Patterns (e.g. GoF / HeadFirst) - UI Automation testing. - 3rd party Grid and Dock Layout components such as DevXpress. - Open-source frameworks such as Nunit, RhinoMock, Unity, Spring .NET	Software Engineer with C# and WPF	Harris Allied	New York	NY	New York, NY	Recruitics	Fri, 06 Nov 2015 19:46:15 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=561a4b16987ca9a7&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0GiAk0vS0dds46Ne62gfXyJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke1v0m19rj0jc
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	iHeartRadio is looking for several Test Engineers who believe deeply in Continuous Integration and Deployment and have extensive background working in fast-paced, agile environments. As a Test Engineer, you will be embedded directly into our product teams and will work alongside existing Software Engineers to help build and expand our suite of automation tools and frameworks. If you have a passion for bringing push button deployments with full testing and regression tools to life, including Selenium Webdriver, PhantomJS, Appium, and Java, and have rapid and high quality deployments as a minimum standard for your team, you will love this role. We take our testing seriously and we want Engineers to be autonomous, creative and most of all produce high quality software. Quality not only entails finding bugs, but also helping to commit code, including functional tests, measuring performance, latency and data consistency across our entire product portfolio. ----------------- Responsibilities: ----------------- Architect and create an Automation Framework using open source technologies Work directly on our product teams ensuring proper Functional and Regression test coverage using tools like Selenium Webdriver, PhantomJS, Appium, Java, JUnit, TestNG, XCTest and others Ensure that the testing and automation tools are wired into our Continuous Integration process using tools like Jenkins Work with individual engineers to ensure that the different product teams have a high degree of focus on quality by working on strategies (and code) for Functional testing Execute any manual testing required to move product work through the agile sprints Ensure all testing includes a multi-platform approach by thinking about different browsers and devices where iHeartRadio products live Collaborate with Product Managers and Engineers on building out test strategies and plans ------------- Requirements: ------------- Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or equivalent 3+ Years experience in a Test Engineering role for both client or backend based products Extensive experience in writing automated tests using frameworks like Selenium Webdriver, Appium, Java, JUnit, TestNG, Git Experience testing HTML and Mobile interfaces manually and automated Strong understanding of basic protocols like HTTP iHeartMedia is an equal opportunity employer and will not tolerate discrimination in employment on the basis of race, color, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, religion, disability, ethnicity, national origin, marital status, protected veteran status, genetic information, or any other legally protected classification or status.	Software Engineer in Test	iHeartRadio	New York	NY	New York, NY	iHeartRadio	Thu, 05 Nov 2015 15:52:15 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=134c00cf2cfdccf9&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0GiAk0vS0dds46Ne62gfXyJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke1v0m19rj0jc
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Position Description McGraw Hill Financial is building the next generation of Investment Management applications on its flagship S&amp;P Capital IQ platform. Focusing on Portfolio Analytics, the new applications will feature advanced time-series computations, simulations, and interactive data visualization. The Role: As part of the team, you’ll be working with a variety of languages and platforms including the JVM, .NET, SQL Server, and JavaScript/CSS. We incorporate Functional Programming paradigms into several layers of our technology stack, so this is an excellent opportunity to learn or grow these skills. This role includes design, implementation, testing, and maintenance of product features, including collaboration with other development teams, product designers, and QA. Key Responsibilities: Participate and take leadership role in software related projects. Prepare and present solutions outlining the outcome, making recommendations to increase efficiency and effectiveness and providing objectives for success. Recommend new products and provide guidance and expertise in their development using in-depth knowledge of various software languages. Design highly complex underlying engineering for use in multiple product offerings and support large volume of end users. Performs code reviews and participates with architects in setting coding standards. Articulates technical debt and recommends software quality improvements. Develops more complex project plans and budgets. Solve complex, non-routine problems and determine the best solution through cost/benefit analysis. Determine methods and procedures on new or special assignments. Qualifications: B.S. in Computer Science or equivalent 4-6 years’ related experience Passionate, smart, and articulate developer JavaScript and CSS proficiency C# and SQL experience Scala or other functional programming experience a plus (F#, Haskell, PureScript, etc .) Able to work well individually and with a team Strong academic background and problem solving skills Strong work ethic, self-starter, and results oriented Interest and experience in finance is a plus About S&amp;P Capital IQ and McGraw Hill Financial S&amp;P Capital IQ is a leading provider of multi-asset class and real time data, analytics, and analytics. A career at S&amp;P Capital IQ puts you in a position to be essential to institutional investors, investment advisors and wealth managers around the world. Learn more at http://www.mhfi.com/careers/our-brands/sp-capital-iq McGraw Hill Financial includes Standard &amp; Poor’s Ratings Services, S&amp;P Capital IQ, S&amp;P Dow Jones Indices, J.D. Power and Platts. Together, we’re the foremost providers of essential intelligence for the capital and commodities markets. McGraw Hill Financial is an equal opportunity employer committed to making all employment decisions on the basis of merit, capability and equality of opportunity, and without regard to race/ethnicity, gender, pregnancy, gender identity or expression, color, creed, religion, national origin, age, disability, marital status (including domestic partnerships and civil unions), sexual orientation, military veteran status, unemployment status, or any other basis prohibited by federal, state or local law, or any other characteristic that has no bearing on a person’s ability to perform his or her job. Only electronic job submissions will be considered for employment. If you need an accommodation during the application process due to a disability, please send an email to aapteam@mhfi.com. and your request will be forwarded to the appropriate person. The EEO is the Law Poster http://www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/pdf/eeopost.pdf describes discrimination protections under federal law.	Lead Software Engineer (C#,JS,CSS) (S&P Capital IQ)	S&P CAPITAL IQ	New York	NY	New York, NY	McGraw Hill Financial	Thu, 29 Oct 2015 04:11:06 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=f1e125c657900d8a&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0GiAk0vS0dds46Ne62gfXyJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke1v0m19rj0jc
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	219 Design helps our clients succeed by developing embedded products that cross the boundaries between engineering disciplines. We achieve better outcomes because we cultivate an environment where engineers are inspired to learn, collaborate, and thrive. Our great team is what enables us to do great things. 219ers work on tangible prototypes and products that get in the hands of real people. Our projects include things like laser eye surgery software, IOT devices, and functional prototypes for CES. If you are fluent in C++, read on to see if you might be a fit for our next Software Engineer! Skills &amp; Requirements About You: You are experienced with C++ and are a devotee to OOP principles. You love the idea having a direct impact on the success of projects. At the same time, you realize that with great power comes great responsibility. (We don’t believe in pointing fingers. We believe in doing our best to meet our clients’ needs.) You would be excited and able to work on a Qt-based touchscreen GUI for laser eye surgery for your first major project. You appreciate how coding standards, version control, and good documentation contribute to maintainability. You view a job as more than a just way to make money – you see it as a way to fulfill an inner drive to solve problems and to express your creativity. You value a work environment where your voice counts. We are a ~20 person team, and everybody helps shape the company. You are a true team player but can also handle self-management. You expect a job to provide you continued opportunities for personal growth. You value work-life balance. We believe in a 40-hour work week. You have strong communication skills and can be respectful and persuasive at the same time. You will often be 219’s “public face” with our clients in-person, on the phone, and in writing. You need to be able to work with highly technical counterparts as well as the average person off the street. You are excited to work at one of our locations in Mountain View, San Francisco, Raleigh, or Manhattan. Furthermore, you are up for collaborating with your distributed colleagues via video chat, IM, and email. You have an MS or BS degree with a few years of experience. You are authorized to work in the US without sponsorship Bonus Points: Qt experience (double bonus points) Test-Driven Development iOS/Android experience Embedded GUI development Experience with Adobe Illustrator/Photoshop About 219 Design Our great team is what enables us to do great things. We make sure our team has the right tools to get the job done, including great workstations, 3D printers, a CNC mill, and lots of other cool stuff. Although we are somewhat distributed (offices in SF, MV, NC, and NY), we establish connections with our remote peers through video chat and visits (if you are up for it). Besides being a great place to work, we offer competitive salaries and benefits. Check out our website at www.219design.com . To apply, go to http://goo.gl/forms/nSYjU8aZrm and fill out our application, which should take about 10 minutes. For serious consideration, please have your resume and a code sample (C++ preferred) handy for upload. \	C++ Software Engineer at awesome product engineering firm	219 Design	New York	NY	New York, NY	StackOverflow Jobs	Sat, 07 Nov 2015 10:12:46 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=33a70a7c1b3b8216&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0GiAk0vS0dds46Ne62gfXyJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke1v0m19rj0jc
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	RESPONSIBILITIES Lead the design, development and maintenance of Android-based core fog network/computing platform to create the foundation for innovative products and services. The developer will lead the entire platform lifecycle right from concept stage until delivery and post launch support. The successful candidate will also drive the mobile product platform strategy globally, and shall create libraries and frameworks to support third party innovations that would leverage the platform. MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering, or a related field from an accredited university or 4-year college is required. Master’s degree in one of these fields is a plus. 3 years to 6 years of industry experience working as software engineer developing mobile applications on either Android or iOS platform or both, with at least 2 years to 3 years in Android application development. Experience with all phases of the Software Development Lifecycle (SDLC), including systems analysis, design, coding, testing, debugging and documentation Skillful in Java SDK and Android Framework on Linux / UNIX / Windows platform Proficient in using Android Studio or Eclipse IDE Strong TCP / IP programming skill required Strong knowledge of HTTP and HTTPS required DESIRED SKILLS Experience with commercial launch of mobile apps Experience in Wi-Fi Direct and / or Bluetooth Low Energy (BLE) technology, and SIM card programming Experience in system level programming Experience in iOS application development Experience in REST API and cloud computing Experience in AOSP (Android Open Source Project) Smartiply is looking for high energy software engineers who drive results with passion, with extensive experience in mobile ecosystem development. This individual will work in a fast paced and virtual environment and will play a major role in developing a cutting edge enabling platform. The successful candidate must be a team player, self-motivated, well-organized, and result oriented, with strong analytical, problem solving, and communication (verbal and written) skills, and must be able to work independently. He/she must have strong knowledge of all phases of SDLC and must exercise good software development practice, including periodic code review, good documentation, and version control. He/she will be expected to apply agile development methodology and provide daily updates and weekly/bi-weekly product demos. He/she must be capable of multitasking and performing multiple duties as needed. The successful candidate shall be offered a competitive salary, with the possibility of stock options, commensurate with experience, along with healthcare and retirement benefits and paid vacation. Smartiply is committed to equal employment opportunity, work-life balance, and career development. Job Type: Full-time Required experience: Android Application Development: 3 years Required education: Bachelor's We have set up application questions for your job. Candidates will be asked to give a "yes" or "no" response to the following questions: Do you have at least 3* years of *Android Application Development experience? Have you completed the following level of education: Bachelor's ? Job Type: Full-time Required experience: Android Development: 3 years Required education: Bachelor's 	Android Software Engineer - Core Platform Development	Smartiply, Inc	Basking Ridge	NJ	Basking Ridge, NJ	Indeed	Thu, 05 Nov 2015 02:36:07 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=477597dcc39a9935&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0GiAk0vS0dds46Ne62gfXyJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke1v0m19rj0jc
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Position The Mediamorph engineering team is growing and is looking for a full stack Senior Software Engineer. In this role, you will be working with a small development team on the design, development, enhancements and maintenance of mission-critical web-based software for major film studios, broadcasters and cable network providers/operators in a high-energy, start-up environment. We are looking for Software Engineers who considers themselves full stack developers and can work with databases, servers, systems engineering, understands front end development and has some familiarity with each layer, with the ability to quickly learn new concepts and software as necessary. Mediamorph is primarily a Java and PostgreSQL shop, but we use a wide variety of technologies like Python, JavaScript, MongoDB, HTML5 and Jersey that drives the backbone of our platform to help leading media and entertainment companies operate more efficiently with greater visibility and control in the new world of Digital Distribution. Responsibilities: Design and write new APIs and data processing code in Java Create new data models to handle our ever-increasing data volume Devise algorithms to handle data synchronization across multiple systems Write technical requirements for an offshore development team Work closely with a cross-functional team on the development of our new platforms and internal tools Requirements: Bachelors or equivalent degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or related field 5+ years of experience with software design and development skills in Java or equivalent OO language. Familiarity with agile development Experience and comfort working in a startup environment Experience with Javascript, SQL (ideally PostgreSQL) MongoDB is a plus Solid database development skills including stored procedures Experience with git and unit testing Experience providing mentorship to other engineers Compensation: Mediamorph pays a competitive base salary and full medical and dental benefits. A key additional component of your compensation plan will be in equity whose value will grow as the result of your efforts. Mediamorph is based in New York City with offices in Los Angeles and London. We invite you to visit our website for more information at www.mediamorph.com ( http://www.mediamorph.com/ ).	Senior Software Engineer	Mediamorph	New York	NY	New York, NY	Mediamorph	Tue, 03 Nov 2015 10:35:00 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=d539a9f3f8355fbe&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0GiAk0vS0dds46Ne62gfXyJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke1v0m19rj0jc
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Do you think about performance optimization in the shower and refactor code in your dreams? Do you find nothing more satisfying than taking the win on an AB test, or merging that last commit on a project you took from rough idea to feature complete? Join ZocDoc as a Senior Software Engineer and help build out our next-generation search platform! You’ll be responsible for delivering new search features and technology improvements end-to-end while working with a fast-paced, high-visibility team. What you’ll do: Work with an agile team of dedicated and brilliant engineers, designers, and product managers Make an impact owning and releasing amazing new features to real patients who depend on us Use your engineering skills to make ZocDoc’s search platform robust, performant, and maintainable Learn from some of the industry’s brightest and mentor other engineers! What’s required: Experience navigating a large OOP codebase Experience with a web stack on Windows or Linux and relational databases Experience debugging and profiling/optimizing large systems Experience with distributed and/or cloud systems is a plus (Elastic Search, Solr, Hadoop) What you’ll get: An elite, highly-collaborative, fun-loving team The chance to work at a high-growth Silicon Alley company with a history of success and a future of incredible potential A key role building an intuitive, meaningful service – one that your friends and family will understand when you go home for the holidays An opportunity to help shape culture at one of the best places to work in NYC (Crain’s Best Place to Work, five years running) Great compensation – competitive salary, stock options, 100% employer-covered health and dental insurance, free lunch, and more The chance to create a better healthcare experience for millions of patients! 	Senior Software Engineer - Search Platform	ZocDoc	New York	NY	New York, NY	ZocDoc	Mon, 02 Nov 2015 09:48:44 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=654fc450fb148d90&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0GiAk0vS0dds46Ne62gfXyJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke1v0m19rj0jc
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Thesys Technologies is a high performance financial tech company with aggressive plans to push the envelope of US trading technology and financial Big Data in the coming years. Formed in 2009, our technology handles approximately 5% of the daily volume in US &amp; Canadian equities on the back of our ultra low latency HFT offering and our advanced gateway technology for Broker-Dealers. Based on our core strength, Thesys expanded into other areas where our edge holds strong, including exchange/matching engine technology, hardware accelerated data feeds and gateways, regulatory technology, and financial Big Data plays. We developed and operate one of the fastest commercially available Matching Engine and are the provider of the SEC MIDAS system through our parent company Tradeworx. Our core infrastructure has been built under the guidance of extremely experienced high frequency technologists, traders, and networking engineers. Our clients rank amongst the best traders, globally, in any asset class. In addition, Thesys and our parent company, Tradeworx, have been extensively covered in media outlets as far ranging as 60 Minutes , The Wall Street Journal , The New York Times , Bloomberg , and The Financial Times and have been highlighted in case studies by Amazon and Intel Corp. Given the breadth of our ambitions, the work we provide is highly diversified, cutting-edge, challenging, and extremely broad in terms of the exposure it generates for employees. In other words, there is a lot that you get to see and do, depending on how much you can handle. We need players on our team who can adapt to a very rapidly changing environment, take on outsized roles and responsibilities, maintain strong interpersonal relationships, and help build our vision out further. The Senior Software Developer will be joining one of our most exciting initiatives, the Big Data &amp; Analytics team. The infrastructure this group is developing a highly scalable, massively parallelized database &amp; analytics platform that allows for distributed, real-time computation of petabyte-scale data stores. This platform is capable of processing massive quantities of market data in real time, dissecting nuances of market microstructure at the level of microsecond events, and delivering tradable strategies that can be executed on an industry-leading low-latency trading platform. Our platform is distinguished from similar technology (e.g., Hadoop) in that it can seamlessly support interactive, real-time analytics required for the ultra competitive world of securities trading. In addition, this team is currently involved in designing one of the largest databases in the world, in any field, for application to the field of US Equities, Futures, and Options trading. We seek to market our end product to regulators, hedge funds, banks, prop trading shops, and academics involved in the field of finance, and ultimately, in other verticals where our financial Big Data capabilities can find use. This position will be based out of New York, NY or our Red Bank, NJ office. Qualifications: Targeting 3+ years of experience in the financial or technology sectors BS &amp; MS degree in CS or EE with excellent GPA/academic performance; alternately, an MBA with a quantitative/technology background and superior GPA/academic performance will also be considered Stellar academic record, with original research in computer science or the physical sciences Expertise in large-scale data analysis and/or scalable, distributed computing Excellent programming skills, including experience in C++, Python, modern Back-end JavaScript and Linux, and familiarity with Matlab, R, or similar analysis toolkits Interest in developing novel tools for real-time analysis of massive financial datasets, for the investigation of modern, low-latency market microstructure Excellent organizational skills, attention to detail, and ability to work in close knit teams in fast paced, high pressure environments Job Type: Full-time Local candidates only: New York, NY Required experience: Technology Sector or Finance: 3 years Required education: Bachelor's 	Big Data Software Engineer	Thesys Technologies LLC	New York	NY	New York, NY	Indeed	Thu, 29 Oct 2015 17:18:58 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=5e0f95d26e729a7f&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXeIHQ5OyeANUCGUSmAm8bO-Znm21FX9cscDzOYVkvUy2JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke256n1a4j0gg
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	FactSet Content Collection Engineering is seeking someone work with in an international team of six to seven engineers responsible for designing, optimizing and supporting commercial grade desktop applications. The role includes collaborating with talented software engineers to optimize the various aspects of content collection including document parsing, quality assurance and task prioritization. Engineers are encouraged to meet with users and implement through team their own initiatives, ideas and concepts. Responsibilities Design and implement full-stack desktop grade application enhancements and features. Understand application usage and support technical issues from users. Work closely with product developers optimize document parsing and collection. Job Requirements : Demonstrated excellence in problem solving Proficiency in C# or similar object oriented language Proficiency in SQL or similar database language Highly Desired Experience in the following technologies C#, .Net 4.5 or greater Entity Framework and LINQ SQL Server 2012 Windows Presentation Foundation (WFP) Willing to work with an international team Financial Knowledge in exchange traded funds. FactSet is a financial data and software company headquartered in Norwalk, Connecticut with offices in 35 locations worldwide. On May 31, 2014, annual revenues totaled $932 million and employee headcount passed 6,300. FactSet has been publicly traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol FDS since 1996 and on NASDAQ under the same symbol since 2009. Once again this year, FactSet is listed as one of FORTUNE’s “100 Best Places to Work” and one of Forbes’ “200 Best Small Companies.” FactSet Research Systems Inc. is an E-Verify participant and EOE/M/F/D/V Employer which strongly supports diversity in the workforce. Equal Opportunity Employment Policy It is the policy of FactSet Research Systems Inc. ("FactSet") to provide equal employment and advancement opportunities to all qualified employees and applicants for employment regardless of their race, color, religion, sex, age, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, physical or mental disability, genetic information, protected veteran status, pregnancy, military or military reserve obligations, or any other class or status protected by law. This policy applies to all policies and procedures related to recruitment, hiring, training, promotion, compensation, benefits, transfer, discharge, and other terms and conditions of employment. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability or protected veteran status. If you have questions concerning this policy, please contact the Human Resources department at +1 (203) 810-1000. 	Software Engineer - C#	FactSet Research Systems	New York	NY	New York, NY	FactSet Research Systems	Thu, 29 Oct 2015 06:24:34 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=2dcad1a0b779b8dd&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXeIHQ5OyeANUCGUSmAm8bO-Znm21FX9cscDzOYVkvUy2JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke256n1a4j0gg
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Team Description Our Engineering team is architecting a family of products that handle over a billion files a day. We take on the complexities of technology that affect everyday life, so that people can get back to living and doing their best work. Role Description The New York City office has a small, talented team working on impactful projects that are essential to Dropbox’s success. As an early member of Dropbox NYC Engineering, you’ll have the unique opportunity to build critical product features and infrastructure while shaping the direction of the team and the office. Responsibilities Help millions of businesses around the world who run on Dropbox, from your neighborhood corner store all the way up to Fortune 500 companies; build Dropbox for Business to help teams be more productive and collaborative Build infrastructure to manage metadata for hundreds of billions of files, hundreds of petabytes of user data, and millions of concurrent connections Create a platform that is the fabric connecting over 100 thousand of the world's apps, devices, and services; redefine "sync" for a mobile era (see the inaugural DBX conference for more) Relentlessly measure and optimize, and build one of industry's most advanced analytics platforms to derive meaning from vast amounts of data Craft the data and networking layers that enable rapid product innovation across Android, iOS, and mobile web Push the boundaries of OS integration on Mac, Windows, Android, iOS, and Linux. For example, on OS X we had to reverse-engineer the Finder to show current file sync status, and on Android and iOS we've optimized JSON parsing and have built custom bitmap caches to present lightning-fast views of tens of thousands of photos. Enable our users to store and share billions of memories on Dropbox, and make these experiences delightful, from our mobile photo uploaders and web albums to a host of exciting features that will launch over the next few months Reinvent email with Mailbox, a mobile-first inbox that helps people focus and simplify their lives even more Requirements We're looking for brilliant engineers who are hungry to take Dropbox even further. If these large-scale projects resonate and you would like to strongly influence the direction and culture of our New York office, we'd love to learn more about you and find out if we can work together. 	Software Engineer - New York	Dropbox	New York	NY	New York, NY	Dropbox	Wed, 14 Oct 2015 20:43:21 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=261d56bd46968036&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXeIHQ5OyeANUCGUSmAm8bO-Znm21FX9cscDzOYVkvUy2JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke256n1a4j0gg
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Job Descriptions: Imagine helping to develop products that truly make a difference in the lives of millions of students. Renaissance Learning, a leading provider of technology-based school improvement and student assessment programs for K-12 schools, is seeking a Senior Software Engineer to join its R&amp;D team in Brooklyn. In this position you will collaborate, design, and create our next generation of web applications with your teammates in an Agile Scrum environment. In your areas of expertise you will be helping to shape our technical design and development standards, participating in various Agile Scrum ceremonies and and mentoring other engineers. About Renaissance Learning Renaissance Learning is a world leader in cloud-based assessment, teaching, and learning solutions with over 950 employees and customers in over one-third of U.S. schools and more than 60 countries worldwide. Hellman &amp; Friedman acquired the company in 2014. And while many things have changed over the years, our mission of accelerating learning for all still burns ever so brightly. Required Experience: This position requires a minimum of 7 years professional experience in all stages of the software life cycle preferably with recent focus on web-based projects using ASP.NET in C# and a services oriented architecture. In addition, you should be fluent in several of the following: HTML and CSS skills, JavaScript, AngularJS, Flex, MS SQL Server with strong T-SQL skills, Mongo DB, design patterns, unit testing and integration testing. Additionally, a Bachelor of Science in Computer Science or Software Engineering is required. Candidates for this position are top-notch coders with strong written and verbal technical communications skills and a demonstrated ability to work in an Agile Scrum environment. Keyword: engineer, software, ASP.NET, C#, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, AngularJS, Flex, MS SQL, T-SQL, coder, Agile, Scrum From: Renaissance Learning, Inc.	Senior Software Engineer	Renaissance Learning, Inc.	Brooklyn	NY	Brooklyn, NY	Renaissance Learning, Inc.	Wed, 04 Nov 2015 12:57:00 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=b3918ce36bd1f422&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXeIHQ5OyeANUCGUSmAm8bO-Znm21FX9cscDzOYVkvUy2JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke256n1a4j0gg
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Software Engineer/Java Developer Location: NewYork-Presbyterian/ NewYork-Presbyterian/Midtown Offices Technology that Supports World-Class Care: You Can Help Make It Possible Software Engineer/Java Developer Help drive technological advancement at New York’s #1-ranked hospital. Across our six state-of-the-art campuses, your software expertise will help us build exciting new applications while adding advanced features to current systems. It’s the kind of work that improves our operations and helps clinicians perform at their best for patients each and every day. Join us, and feel the pride of making tomorrow better for countless human beings. Thrive at the forefront of cutting-edge applications and software solutions, as you design, develop and support large-scale, object-oriented systems/frameworks for our hospital. Contribute to all phases of the software development lifecycle, from specification to testing and deployment. Work closely with our in-house analytics team. Write code and prepare release documentation. Regularly assess and present alternative/new technologies, and help integrate them into our daily operations. Continuously move forward in your career, as an essential member of an innovative team within a fast-paced environment. Ideal candidates have experience with JavaScript, jQuery, HTML, CSS, SOAP/RESTful web services, MySQL, MSSQL, DB2 and Oracle software. At least four to six years of applicable experience is required (includes experience with Core Java programming and Unix/Linux OS environments). Additional requirements include proficiency with Java EE technologies (e.g., JSP, JDBC and servlets) and a Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in Computer Science or another relevant field. Strong communication, interpersonal and problem-solving skills are also needed to drive engagement and develop creative solutions. Become part of a hospital where employee engagement is at an all-time high. Enjoy competitive compensation along with benefits such as tuition reimbursement, hospital retirement contributions, and financial planning assistance. Start your life-changing journey today. __________________ #1 in New York. #7 in the Nation. - U.S.News &amp; World Report, "America's Best Hospitals 2015-2016" Discover why we're #1 in New York - an unparalleled pursuit of excellence and the widest array of choices for your career. Learn more about what we can offer you at: nyp.org/careers NewYork-Presbyterian Hospital is an equal opportunity employer. Job ID: 723181	Software Engineer/Java Developer	NewYork-Presbyterian/Midtown Offices	New York	NY	New York, NY	NewYork-Presbyterian Hospital	Thu, 29 Oct 2015 19:48:04 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=7334bbc9c95c6a72&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXeIHQ5OyeANUCGUSmAm8bO-Znm21FX9cscDzOYVkvUy2JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke256n1a4j0gg
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	YOU are an excellent Mobile and Web Software Engineer who is passionate about the craft and art of information management and software development. You aspire to build solutions that are elegant, beautiful, and exactly aligned to customer needs. You love to learn and work with leading-edge technologies. You thrive in entrepreneurial, creative, and innovative environments. You enjoy taking on big challenges, getting the job done, and knowing that your work is critical to the success of your customer, your project, your team, and your company. BlueMetal is a rapidly growing, nationally recognized award winning business with offices in New York, Boston, and Chicago. We design and build software solutions that exactly meet the client’s needs, today and in the future. WE also imagine, design and develop custom software solutions for companies across many industries including financial services, insurance, healthcare and public sector. We love individuals with entrepreneurial passion who are interested in bringing ideas to market! Job Duties and Responsibilities: As a key part of our Application Modernization Team, you will be responsible for the architecture, design and development of mission-critical solutions for our Fortune 1000 clients. You will work closely with business and IT stakeholders in a collaborative, team environment to envision and implement modern software architectures that are of extremely high quality. Work directly with clients first to understand, then to map business needs to technical solutions Assess existing applications and recommend approaches for modernization Rapidly prototype and prove solutions using the latest technologies Collaborate with a team of senior software architects and developers to implement the solutions Required Skills: 2-4+ years of proven development experience Experience with C# development Experience with Java and/or C++ a plus .NET Frameworks: LINQ, WCF, WPF Knowledge of ASP.NET MVC, Spring MVC, PHP, or other dynamic web server environments Skills programming in modern JavaScript and using CSS + HTML styling + layout for web pages Experience with Microsoft SQL Server or other SQL-based RDMS or noSQL Experience with ORM tools such as NHiberate and Entity Framework Strong background in Object-Oriented Design and SOLID principles Knowledge of Services Oriented Architectures, RESTful Interfaces &amp; Enterprise Application Patterns Knowledge of the Principles &amp; Patterns of Agile Software Exposure to software quality, testing procedures and build automation tools Exposure to Unit Testing, Mocking and Dependency Injection frameworks Knowledge of upcoming ECMAScript 6 features, modern HTML5 techniques and CSS3. Knowledge of JavaScript frameworks, including jQuery, jQuery Mobile, node.js, knockout.js, Angular.js, Ember.js, Backbone.js, Twitter Bootstrap, D3 Knowledge of asynchronous JavaScript patterns including the Deferred and Promise patterns. Knowledge of front end templating engines such as Handlebars, Moustache, doT, etc. Knowledge of JavaScript testing frameworks such as Jasmine or Mocha and node.js based test runners Working knowledge of the HTTP protocol Experience working with teams in source code controlled environments using TFS, Git, SVN, or other popular systems Additional Requirements: Strong analytical and problem solving skills Strong critical thinking skills Strong verbal and written communications skills Highly motivated Team player Ability to work well under pressure Technology consulting or similar business experience a plus Experience working in an Agile/Scrum environment a plus Willingness and ability to travel to our client sites is required Benefits We offer a highly competitive and comprehensive employee compensation and benefits package that focuses on what you care about most, including base salary, generous bonus program, medical plan (76% company paid for you and your family), dental, and vision plans (100% company paid for you and your family), FSA, company paid LTD and life insurance coverage and a 401(k) plan with company match. About BlueMetal, an Insight company ​ Modern technology, craftsman quality. We’re an interactive design and technology architecture firm matching the most experienced consultants in the industry to the most challenging business and technical problems our clients face. We seek to understand our client’s business strategy and technical foundation to craft solutions that holistically blend architecture, innovation, creative design and strategic vision to exactly meet their needs and ensure their success. Our rapid growth and dynamic work environment will give you a tremendous opportunity to play a critical role in our success! About Insight Insight’s success begins with our people making meaningful connections every day. Our culture lives in our teammates. Insight is looking for great people who will embrace our values of Hunger, Heart and Harmony. Hunger to create new opportunities for our clients. Heart to make a positive impact in people’s lives. Harmony to celebrate each other’s unique contributions to bring solutions to clients. Join us as we work to deliver the best solutions through Intelligent Technology™, the new IT. Global technology provider of IT hardware, software and service solutions Fortune 500 company founded in 1988 5,400 teammates worldwide, operating in 22 countries One of The Valley’s 2015 Healthiest Employers (Phoenix Business Journal) 2015 Dell Healthcare Partner of the Year, 2015 HP PartnerOne Financial Services Partner of the Year, 2014 Cisco Global Architectural Excellence Partner of the Year, Microsoft’s No. 1 Global Licensing Solution Provider Discover more at bluemetal.com or email Careers@bluemetal.com. BlueMetal, an Insight company is an equal opportunity employer, and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, sexual orientation or any other characteristic protected by law.	Mobile Web Software Engineer	BlueMetal Architects	New York	NY	New York, NY	BlueMetal Architects	Sat, 24 Oct 2015 00:42:58 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=89cd07d82715c4e4&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXeIHQ5OyeANUCGUSmAm8bO-Znm21FX9cscDzOYVkvUy2JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke256n1a4j0gg
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Warby Parker is a transformative lifestyle brand offering designer eyewear at a revolutionary price while leading the way for socially-conscious businesses. We’re looking to hire stellar Principal Software Engineers to join our 50+ person onsite Engineering team and help build the next great lifestyle brand. Check out our blog The Oculists ( http://www.theoculists.com/ )! What you'll do: Provide subject matter expertise in the design and development of e-commerce systems Build and improve software systems for a fast-growing, disruptive e-commerce company Evaluate and mentor engineers on your team Collaborate in one of our agile teams, learning anything necessary to deliver exceptional technology Participate in code reviews and help maintain high standards of code quality Deliver limited-defect products through ubiquitous test automation Who you are: At least 6 years professional programming experience At least 2 years experience building e-commerce applications Experience building large and complex (but maintainable) systems and web apps Mastery of at least one statically typed and one dynamically typed programming language Expertise in data modeling in one or more modern relational databases and SQL Agile development experience Solid knowledge of computer science fundamentals An appreciation for beautiful code Experience with ansible Experience with SQL Alchemy Good design taste, even for internal applications An aptitude and inclination for learning new domains quickly Excellent verbal and written communications skills Strong desire to support and commit to open source software projects Extra credit: Experience with multiple languages, web frameworks, and datastores Mastery of Java, PHP, or Python Web service design and implementation (e.g. REST, JSON-RPC, SOAP/WSDL) Comfortable with Linux/Unix Cognizant of DevOps practices and principles Direct involvement with open source software projects About Warby Parker: Warby Parker is a transformative lifestyle brand with a lofty objective: to offer designer eyewear at a revolutionary price while leading the way for socially-conscious businesses. By engaging directly with consumers, we’re able to offer ultra-high-quality, vintage-inspired frames for $95 including prescription lenses and shipping. We focus on the bigger picture, too: social innovation is woven into the DNA of our company, and for every pair of glasses purchased, a pair is distributed to someone in need. Because all work and no play makes a dull office, we fill our days with snacks, surprises, pneumatic tubes, and, when appropriate, costumes. As a team member at Warby Parker, you can also look forward to company outings, guest speakers, volunteering opportunities, and brain-stimulating activities. In 2015, Fast Company named us the #1 Most Innovative Company. We’re also a certified B Corporation, which means that we are held to the highest standards of social and environmental performance. Some benefits and perks of working at Warby Parker: Health, vision, and dental insurance Cell phone reimbursement Flexible “My Time” vacation policy Parental leave policy Retirement savings plan (401k) Free eyewear (discounts for friends and family!) Health &amp; wellness stipend Quarterly team outings 	Principal Software Engineer	Warby Parker	New York	NY	New York, NY	Warby Parker	Tue, 03 Nov 2015 06:56:03 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=81397c62259a7bd4&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXeIHQ5OyeANUCGUSmAm8bO-Znm21FX9cscDzOYVkvUy2JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke256n1a4j0gg
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Network Security Software Engineer DV is the leader in digital performance solutions, improving the impression quality and audience impact of digital advertising. Built on best practices, DV solutions create value for the entire ecosystem by bringing transparency and accountability to the market, ensuring ad viewability, brand safety, fraud protection, accurate impression delivery and audience quality across campaigns to drive performance. Since 2008, DV has helped hundreds of Fortune 500 companies gain the most value out of their media spend by delivering best in class solutions across the digital ecosystem that help build a better industry. Headquartered in New York City, DoubleVerify’s investors include JMI Equity, Institutional Venture Partners, Blumberg Capital, First Round Capital and Genacast Ventures. This position is part of a small, tactical group within DoubleVerify that is launching an industry-changing publisher product. The product will help publishers interact with the ad industry in a much more secure way, reducing the risks of malware and bad actors compromising publishers’ sites. If you like startup-style technical challenges with the benefits of an established industry leader, this is the role for you. Responsibilities Research, design, and develop for our publisher security product Innovate and develop for our security solution. Our systems have to be ultra-low latency and handle an astronomical amount of calls per day. Work hand in hand with product and back-end engineering roles. Create innovative ways of handling “cat and mouse” developments by bad actors who are extremely sophisticated and well financed. Enhance and create large scale distributed systems to process billions of objects with strict SLAs Adhere to high scale concepts such as share nothing, lock-free data structures, etc. Design and implement a large variety of components in many programming languages: C#, python, C++, JavaScript, etc. Learn and get updated about new concepts, technologies and practices Follow agile methodologies of rapid development and continuous integration Fine tune real time ad serving systems, optimizing to the micro second level Model and define APIs for external systems Performing code reviews for peers as well as pair programming Ensure all software components are automatically-testable and monitor-able Requirements Versatility and knowledge in many technologies and in particular: C#, python , MongoDB , Redis , Node.js , Veritca, Cognos, SQLServer, Hadoop At least 2 years of experience in .NET technology At least 2 years of experience SQL Server or other relational DB development At least 2 years of experience in Scalable and big-datasystems Strong working knowledge of application firewalls, proxy and reverse proxy solutions such as NGINX and Varnish Good communication skills - a team player. Experience in the Online Advertising domain is an advantage. MBA or BA in Computer Science or related field of study Working in agile environment Icing on the cake: You thrive in fast paced environments that deal with complex problems You don’t need hand holding You love Hackathons! You enjoy a bagel or two every Friday morning and free lunch every week You have a great sense of humor! 	Network Security Software Engineer	DoubleVerify, Inc	New York	NY	New York, NY	Doubleverify, Inc	Sat, 07 Nov 2015 00:41:45 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=b795134b8c4132fb&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXeIHQ5OyeANUCGUSmAm8bO-Znm21FX9cscDzOYVkvUy2JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke256n1a4j0gg
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	You are eligible to apply to this position if you are currently in your final year of a Bachelor’s or Master’s program in Computer Science or are within one year of having obtained your degree. MongoDB, Inc is seeking Computer Science students located in the United States with a strong background in CS theory and systems, to join us in building the next revolution in database technology at our New York City Headquarters. MongoDB is the next-generation database that helps businesses transform their industries by harnessing the power of data. The world’s most sophisticated organizations, from cutting-edge startups to the largest companies, use MongoDB to create applications never before possible at a fraction of the cost of legacy databases. MongoDB is the fastest-growing database ecosystem, with over 10 million downloads, thousands of customers, and over 1,000 technology and service partners. Eligibility for our diverse Software Engineering Roles: By applying for our New/Recent Grad Software Engineer position you will be considered for various roles across MongoDB’s engineering teams. During your first six months as an employee, you will participate in our rotation program to determine where your personality, passion, and skill set fit best. Our rotation program takes you through several different teams for six weeks each. At the end of the rotation, you are placed on one of the teams you rotated through. Engineering teams include: Cloud Services - This team of Java and Go engineers is responsible for the full-stack development of our monitoring, configuration management, and backup tool Drivers - A team of language specialists ranging from Java to Python to C#, engineers here are responsible for building the drivers, frameworks, and other tools that the community uses to interact with the core MongoDB server Core Server - The Server team is responsible for the architecture, implementation, and maintenance of the MongoDB server. Working in C++ and Javascript, these engineers make contributions to an open source project running in production at some of the biggest companies in the world Internal Tools -This teams facilitate the company's growth by helping develop our inter-team communication platforms, constantly evolving the company's web presence, while learning and applying the latest web technologies Server Tools- The Swiss army knife of MongoDB’s server; this team builds the tools to ship MongoDB, and build and test projects Tech Ops - Tech Ops engineers at MongoDB are responsible for building, deploying, securing and maintaining the machines that our Cloud Services run on as well Documentation - The Docs team at MongoDB is responsible for writing all of the technical documentation that supports the MongoDB ecosystem Professional Services - MongoDB's Consulting Engineers are the vanguard of the company's field efforts in ensuring customer success Education - Education engineering is an ed-tech startup within a startup. They develop and maintain the online course platform for MongoDB University Technical Services - Technical Service Engineers use their exceptional problem solving and customer service skills, along with deep technical experience to advise customers and to solve their complex MongoDB problems. Qualifications: In the process of receiving or having received a Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or related fields A solid foundation in computer science theory, with strong competencies in data structures, algorithms, and software design You are proficient in one of our commonly used languages which include C++, Go, Ruby, Python, Java, Javascript, Node.js, or comparable high level programming languages It’s a big plus if you have been a TA or Head TA for a CS course You have had one or more internships in software development You are familiar with MongoDB, bonus points if you have used it to build an application or project You have probably worked on programming projects outside of the classroom, whether during a hackathon, with a CS club, or in your spare time You must be located in the United States 	New/Recent Grad - Software Engineer 2016	MongoDB	New York	NY	New York, NY	MongoDB	Thu, 05 Nov 2015 11:01:00 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=5a0bdae135b6068a&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXeIHQ5OyeANUCGUSmAm8bO-Znm21FX9cscDzOYVkvUy2JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke256n1a4j0gg
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	We are seeking a Software Engineer to join our Content Engineering team, powering the content platform that enables our users to listen to the music they love through iHeartRadio. The Content team processes, transcodes, and ultimately publishes millions of songs, videos, and podcasts to our iHeartRadio applications. Ideally you have the software engineering, data, and software design chops to help us succeed. Love for music and the technology that powers all this is a major bonus! As an engineer you will work on a team to help build out the platform that will allow us to ingest 300,000 tracks a month. If you are interested in working in a fast paced agile environment where building amazing products that reach tens of millions of users is important, this is a great place to be. We are highly focused on using the right tools for the job, building decoupled, flexible architectures, and giving ownership and responsibility to autonomous teams. You will be joining this effort from the ground up and effectively data pipelining, which will flow downstream and be utilized by multiple teams across the technology organization. Responsibilities: Design, develop, test and deploy scalable media ingestion services for music, video, and other content using python, SQL, Elastic, and much more. Contribute to our message based ingestion platform that makes millions of products available to millions of listeners. Collaborate with software engineering, data engineering, content processing and product teams. Be part of designing and developing real time content publication systems. Determine the right tools and frameworks for each task. Perform system design reviews and code reviews. Requirements: 3+ years Python development experience, preferably with a focus on Python 3x and at least one other programming language Strong experience designing and implementing decoupled, message based architectures utilizing brokers such as Kafka, Kinesis, SQS, SNS, RabbitMQ, etc. Strong analytic skills with an ability to translate complex content relations into simple visual terms. Passion for writing creatively simple, well-documented, testable code with judicious use of data structures, algorithms, and design patterns. Interaction with SQL/NOSQL systems such as MongoDB, Cassandra, Postgres, etc. Strong Linux skills and experience working with large scale distributed Linux applications. Proven Experience in continuous deployment and debugging and testing methodologies. Excellent written and verbal communication skills. Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or equivalent. Additional considerations: Experience building search solutions using Elastic or comparable frameworks. Experience with mass scale consumer online services. Required Skills Required Experience	Software Engineer, Content Engineering	iHeartMedia, Inc.	New York	NY	New York, NY	iHeartMedia, Inc.	Thu, 22 Oct 2015 06:43:57 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=7d627850ecc30e3e&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXeIHQ5OyeANUCGUSmAm8bO-Znm21FX9cscDzOYVkvUy2JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke256n1a4j0gg
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	About the Role: XO Group is developing a new platform for the Web and Mobile using Ruby on Rails. We are looking for Software Engineers with strong expertise and a true passion for Ruby and the Ruby on Rails ecosystem. About XO Group: With 10 million unique visitors and over 400 million pageviews a month, XO Group's portfolio of sites and apps are changing the way people plan and enjoy their life's biggest moments. We are undergoing a pretty awesome transformation, and are looking for folks with a true engineering mind-set. We are solving challenging problems, building an entrepreneurial, product centric and mobile first engineering culture and are looking for passionate technologists. We work hard, but enjoy each other's company, have a great space that hosts lots of events that support tech we care about, and a game room with a ping pong table, darts, etc… Here are some great reasons to work here: We are a dynamic, high-productivity environment, we are all passionate about our work We provide exposure and opportunity to work in new technologies all the time We support a high degree of ownership and responsibility We expect all our employees to contribute at a high level and take initiative We are always working on something new! About You: Enjoy Writing highly scalable web applications Have A strong desire to build amazing consumer experiences Love Working in a fast-paced, entrepreneurial media environment Are a good problem solver and have a "jack/jill-of-all-trades" personality B.S. or M.S. in Computer Science or equivalent Technical Experience: 1-2 years experience with Ruby, Ruby on Rails and ecosystem 1-2 years experience with HTTP and Request/Response Web Architecture including REST API development Strong Linux skills Additional experience in one or more of the following: Javascript, jQuery, Backbone.js, Angular.js or similar. Experience with AWS concepts and technology Experience working in XP-style pair programming and Lean development (a plus) 	Software Engineer - Marketplace	XO Group	New York	NY	New York, NY	XO Group	Mon, 26 Oct 2015 16:53:08 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=f4c960a7ae93e056&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXeIHQ5OyeANUCGUSmAm8bO-Znm21FX9cscDzOYVkvUy2JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke256n1a4j0gg
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	MLB Advanced Media (MLBAM), the interactive and mobile division of Major League Baseball, is the developer of several award-winning products, Apps and services. Some of these include: MLB Gameday, MLB.TV, Fantasy Baseball, Beat the Streak, and the #1 sports app and a Hall of Fame inductee for iPhone, iPad and Macworld - MLB At Bat! We are also an industry leader in the development and distribution of live streaming video events over multiple platforms. We are looking for software engineers to apply strong technical knowledge and ability to our world leading digital brand. Our software engineers are hands-on and gain professional gratification by having their efforts exposed to millions of users around the globe. Some of opportunities available: Multimedia Development building live video and video on demand systems for products on mobile, web and connected devices platforms; Subscription Services working on web services which expose our platform's user functionality; Core Technology developing solutions which reach across our entire ecosystem. Software engineers work on one area and can transfer areas over the lifetime of their career. This position is located in Chelsea Market, New York, NY. We truly believe we offer a unique opportunity for any technologist: The opportunity to work on a bleeding edge technology stack The opportunity to work with a world-class team of Software Engineers The opportunity to work on award-winning and complex apps and systems The opportunity to have an influence on the innovation of products used globally by millions The opportunity to work in a highly collaborative team environment Amazing benefits including - 100% employer-paid Medical, Dental and Vision. Responsibilities: Craft software for the front-end and/or back-end written in Java and JavaScript Work with a team of engineers building software in a collaborative development process Participate in the full-lifecycle of software development (requirements gathering, designing, building, testing and maintenance) Requirements: BS or MS degree in Computer Science 3+ years experience building software with Java, Javascript, Relational Databases Self-learner, independent, and have outstanding problem-solving skills Excellent written and verbal communication skills Familiarity with: (all are not required) Service oriented Software Architecture Web service development, REST or SOAP APIs Open source java software including Spring, JQuery, Apache projects, etc.. Writing SQL queries or DB administration including Oracle or Mysql databases NoSQL solutions including Cassandra or Mongo High load, highly scalable and distributed applications JMS, messaging and asynchronous processing design Node.js including open source modules To all recruitment agencies: MLB Advanced Media does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias or to MLB Advanced Media employees. MLB Advanced Media is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.	Sr. Software Engineers	MLB Advanced Media	New York	NY	New York, NY	MLB Advanced Media	Tue, 20 Oct 2015 08:28:00 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=b094b0df42376b43&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXeIHQ5OyeANUCGUSmAm8bO-Znm21FX9cscDzOYVkvUy2JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke256n1a4j0gg
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Software Engineer About Streamline Health Streamline Health provides solutions that help hospitals and physician groups improve efficiencies and business processes across the enterprise to enhance and protect revenues. Our enterprise content management solutions transform unstructured data into digital assets that seamlessly integrate with disparate clinical, administrative, and financial information systems. Our business analytics solutions provide real-time access to key performance metrics that enable healthcare organizations to identify and manage opportunities to maximize financial performance. Our integrated workflow systems automate and manage critical business activities to improve organizational accountability to drive both operational and financial performance. Across the revenue cycle, our solutions offer a flexible, customizable way to optimize the clinical and financial performance of any healthcare organization. For more information visit www.streamlinehealth.net . Why it’s great to work here!! We deliver to health care providers transformational data-driven improvement to their clinical, financial and operational performance Our products are some of the best in the market having won KLAS Awards for over 10 years and are used by some of the top health care institutions in the country An opportunity to innovate and learn rapidly The opportunity to implement your ideas Description of Position: We are seeking a highly motivated and talented Software Engineer to join an agile software development team that is responsible for building industry-leading healthcare solutions. You will participate on a team to create commercial software solutions by utilizing the latest .Net programming languages and technologies. You will provide outstanding service to both internal and external clients and contribute to the organization’s mission of utilizing information technology to improve patient care. General Description of Duties: Successfully execute on all committed tasks through close communication and coordination with all agile team members. Employ strong troubleshooting skills to find creative solutions to existing and emerging business problems. Continually advance technical knowledge and skills to achieve a strong competitive advantage for the solution being developed. Collaborate with members from the Architecture team to share and employ industry best practices in your daily work. Ensure high quality code by following unit testing best practices. Technical Skills: 2-4+ years experience with the following technologies: C# 4.0, or higher ASP.NET framework Web API ASP.NET MVC (is a plus) jQuery, Javascript (is a plus) HTML5/CSS (is a plus) Object Oriented Programming Skills Analysis and modeling skills using Unified Modeling Language (UML) SOA and SAAS experience (is a plus) Non-technical Skills: Experience working on an agile team using Scrum methodology Strong attention to detail Good writing and communication skills Excellent teamwork skills Experience in health care industry is a plus Education Requirements: Must have a Bachelors degree in Information Technology, Computer Science, Computer Information Systems or equivalent is required. Masters of Computer Science is desired. Benefits: Medical Dental Health Savings Account Flexible Spending Account Short &amp; Long Term Disability Basic Life Insurance Supplemental &amp; Dependent Life Insurance Accidental Death &amp; Dismemberment Insurance Paid Medical Leave 401(k) Savings Plan with Company Match Employee Stock Purchase Plan Paid Vacation Sick Time Floating Holidays Jury Duty Bereavement, Family, Personal Leaves Military Leaves Required Skills Required Experience	Software Engineer (ASP.NET/MVC/SQL)	Streamline Health	New York	NY	New York, NY	Streamline Health	Sat, 07 Nov 2015 00:08:00 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=72eb000175216e66&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXeIHQ5OyeANUCGUSmAm8bO-Znm21FX9cscDzOYVkvUy2JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke256n1a4j0gg
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Senior Software Engineer (Platform Team w/ Ruby focus) You are an experienced Ruby engineer, looking for a job where you can have fun, learn, and be part of building an industry-leading tool. A product that is cool and you like being around. You want a financially sound, engineering-focused company, that recognizes your skills and hard work. You want to be around other bright engineers, writing scalable, efficient code that is seen by millions of happy users. Well, you’ve found us! Animoto is looking for great software engineers to build out the services that power Animoto. Platform engineers work with the web and mobile teams to build an API that enables the same Animoto features at scale across all devices . We build flexible, fast, and stable services for doing everything from image processing, to commerce, to “cinematic AI” distributing work across a grid of video rendering machines . These services operate at scale to provide a great experience on iOS, Animoto.com, and our network of partners. Current Projects and Role Responsibilities Build new features and troubleshooting for our video creation platform. Architect a payments, subscription, and accounting model to enable the commerce engine to maximize customer revenue and get the best value from our product Construct the API and tools to enable scalable, cross-platform features to provide the best video creation experience . Write scalable, efficient, and maintainable code. Work closely with product managers, engineers from other teams, and customer support Requirements Strong Computer Science fundamentals, and CS degree or equivalent Disciplined approach to testing and writing maintainable code Solid Ruby experience (or significant experience with other dynamic languages and working with services). Experience interacting with and designing APIs gives you extra points Good communication and interpersonal skills Ability to work with ambiguity, to work independently, but knows when to get outside opinions Enjoys the opportunity to learn new technologies and systems ➼ Great benefits. Great salary, equity, 15 days of Paid Time Off, paid Holidays, 401k, 100% paid medical, dental and vision (for you and your family), Flexible Spending Account, TransitChek, paid volunteer day, fully stocked kitchen, upgraded Amazon Prime and Pandora accounts, beer for you and your friends, field trips, and fancy coffee makers. ↝ Fun, open office - http://www.businessinsider.com/animotos-nyc-office-2013-4 . ↝ Voted Crain's Best Places to Work ( "Heaven for fun-loving, creative types"). ↝ See the people of Animoto here http://animoto.com/about/people and some more reasons to work at Animoto! http://animoto.com/about/careers	Software Engineer - Platform	Animoto	New York	NY	New York, NY	Animoto	Tue, 03 Nov 2015 10:28:57 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=b39c26673aa9aab4&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXeIHQ5OyeANUCGUSmAm8bO-Znm21FX9cscDzOYVkvUy2JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke256n1a4j0gg
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	INTURN is the first marketplace to help brands efficiently sell their excess inventory to retailers. We are a venture backed NYC start-up addressing a complex section of the retail industry. Job summary You will build and optimize features on INTURN platform and internal applications. Help INTURN manage the brokerage of millions of dollars of merchandise and complexities of a rapidly growing business. Collaborate with our world-class design team and engineers to leverage your software and create an elegant UX. Be part of iterative development, from compiling and vetting specifications through integration, QA and testing. Build a product that is solving a real-world problem that buyers and sellers will use every day. Technologies we use: PHP, Zend Framework, PostgreSQL, Angular, jQuery, Memcache, EC2, Git Key Qualifications Strong CS skills with 3+ years in professional software engineering experience. Expert in at least of one or more of the following languages PHP/Ruby/Python/Java Experience with JavaScript/HTML/CSS A track record of writing high-quality code that scales Prior experience with design standards to deliver maintainable code Willingness to learn and try to technologies B onus Experience with service oriented architectures (SOA) Experience with CSS Preprocessors (SaSS or less) Familiarity with Amazon Web Services (AWS) Previous startup experience Education BA/BS is required Perks Benefits include Premium health benefits (including health,vision, dental), equity, and a chance to do cutting-edge work with a great team 	Senior Software Engineer	INTURN	New York	NY	New York, NY	InTurn	Thu, 22 Oct 2015 15:03:13 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=c942dad27b709e57&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXeIHQ5OyeANUCGUSmAm8bO-Znm21FX9cscDzOYVkvUy2JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke256n1a4j0gg
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	JOB DESCRIPTION Symphony.com is looking for a server-side Java software engineer to support its exponential growth. This position is located in Symphony's New York City's offices. As a Symphony Backend Engineer, you'll be designing and implementing cloud-based server-side technology for our secure collaboration platform. Above and beyond creating features for a cutting edge messaging application, our engineers utilize open source stacks (e.g. HBase, Kafka, Solr), extreme scaling within the cloud, encryption in transit/at rest, among others. Each day presents a variety of technical challenges for us to sink our teeth into. Skills: Java, Big Table, NoSQL, AWS, GCE, Agile/Scrum, Software Development If this job sounds interesting, we'd love to hear from you! RESPONSIBILITIES Participate in development of Symphony's backend Design, implement, and test highly scalable, multi-tier, distributed server software applications Take responsibility of performance and stability for all server functions Remove obstacles and constantly help the team improve quality and production Design and implement distributed and highly concurrent Java based enterprise services Work in, and evolve, a feature-driven agile SDLC environment Create maintainable and scalable features fit for use by demanding enterprise clients QUALIFICATIONS 5+ years experience in a Java server-side software design and development Bachelor's degree in computer science, software engineering or equivalent Strong background in fundamentals of computer science and development process Experience developing high quality centralized server based apps Expert level Java (or similar) coding experience Familiarity with test driven development Familiarity with TCP, HTTP, and TLS Experience with open source frameworks and tools Excellent written and verbal communication skills Ability to work in a dynamic, fast moving and growing environment DESIRED BUT NOT REQUIRED NoSQL and SQL databases Experience deploying server applications on Google App Engine (GAE), Google Compute Engine GCE) and Amazon Web Service (AWS) Experience with any of the following: Kafka, Solr, Tomcat, HBase and Hadoop, ZooKeeper, MongoDB Familiarity with PKI Experience with messaging/social applications Experience with security software and solutions Experience designing and implementing scalable, high performance, server-side applications Experience with distributed systems, persistence, caching, concurrent programming ABOUT SYMPHONY Symphony is a cloud-based, secure communication &amp; workflow platform designed to exchange high-value content, improve workplace productivity &amp; connect users to their communities while maintaining regulatory compliance. Symphony launched to the public &amp; announced its first three content partnerships with Dow Jones, McGraw Hill Financial &amp; Selerity on September 15th, 2015. Designed for the exchange of high-value content, Symphony is a secure communication and workflow platform that improves workplace productivity and connects users to their professional and personal community. Symphony has attracted the world’s top financial institutions with a $66 million investment to develop a scalable, cloud-based and highly secure collaboration and communication platform that will address the enterprise and compliance requirements for the financial services industry. Now we’re looking for top-notch engineers, programmers, designers and marketers (etc.) to join our team in Palo Alto, CA and New York to help us change the way the world communicates. If you have the skills and savvy to work with a world-class team, and an appetite for game-changing disruption, we definitely want to hear from you. $100 million in new funding: https://symphony.com/blog/item/symphony-welcomes-new-investors-and-new-capital Datamation: http://www.datamation.com/commentary/symphony-fixing-email-collaboration-and-social-networking.html SYMPHONY BENEFITS Competitive salary based on experience, skills, and qualifications Medical, Dental, and Vision coverage 401(K) Plan Life and AD&amp;D coverage Short Term and Long Term Disability coverage Employee Assistance Program Flexible Spending Account benefits Uncapped vacation and sick time Fully stocked kitchen and catered lunches Discounted gym memberships Many other fun and exciting benefits and activities! COMPENSATION Competitive Base Salary and Incentive (Stock Option) plan / Health/Dental/Vision/401k Symphony appreciates your interest in our company. Symphony is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Symphony reserves the right of ownership for all unsolicited resumes submitted for this requisition and is not responsible for any fees associated with unsolicited resumes.	Java Backend Software Engineer	Symphony Communication Services, LLC	New York	NY	New York, NY	Symphony Communication Services, LLC	Sat, 24 Oct 2015 01:08:22 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=cc0d49e45fa46e34&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXeIHQ5OyeANUCGUSmAm8bO-Znm21FX9cscDzOYVkvUy2JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke256n1a4j0gg
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	The Yext engineering team drives the technology behind our revolutionary Digital Location Management platform! We’re looking for Senior Software Engineers to help us continue building out our product and services. Our team works in an agile environment running two-week sprints that culminate with demos of features in progress. You will work alongside engineers from the top universities and tech companies in the world, hands-on with the code from day one. Responsibilities Participate in full life-cycle software development Design, implement, and deploy highly scalable and reliable systems Build storage systems, libraries, and frameworks. Contribute ideas for new features and identify areas for improvement proactively Mentor junior team members with code review and pair programming Collaborate effectively across teams, including outside of engineering Write clean, tested, and well-documented code Requirements BA/BS or higher in Computer Science or related field 5 years of relevant, industry experience Strong foundation in data structures, algorithms and software design Fluency with Java, C++, Python, or similar (we use mostly Java) Openness to new technologies and creative solutions Comfortable working within a fast-paced high growth startup environment Compensation, Benefits &amp; Perks Yext currently employs over 400 amazing people around the globe. Our headquarters are in the historic Flatiron District in New York City, with additional offices in Dallas, Chicago, Virginia, and the UK. In addition to competitive compensation, flexible hours and vacation, 401(k), and of course, excellent health, dental, and vision insurance. We treat our employees well and offer tremendous growth opportunities. Challenging work pushes our people creatively in a casual environment that is caring, fun and cooperative. Yext leadership supports our team in moving forward – with business objectives and career development. We believe that when you have smart, happy people working together, you produce some incredible things. Yext was named by Forbes as one of America's Most Promising Companies in 2014 and 2015, Yext has also been recognized by CNBC in their Disruptor 50 list, included as one of Fortune’s Best Places to Work 2014, and featured as one of Crain’s Fast 50. You can learn about the Yext team and culture on themuse , a bit about our history in Forbes , and learn about our newest launches and activity on our blog . About Yext Yext is the global Digital Location Management (DLM) leader, helping over 500,000 business locations reach mobile consumers across a network of 100+ app, map, directory, search engine, and social media partners including Apple, Bing, Facebook, Foursquare, Yahoo, and Yelp and engage them with our three core products, PowerListings, Pages, and Xone. Yext's mission is to enable the world's 50 million businesses to harness the power of location and drive face-to-face and digital interactions that boost customer engagement, build audiences, and increase sales. Yext’s powerful software allows customers to: Manage geodata for thousands of locations from one spot Control location details via exclusive integrations with 100+ leading app, map, directory, search engine and social media partners Share local updates on social platforms including Facebook, Google+ and Foursquare Create custom websites for each location built with SEO best practices Engage in-store customers with mobile messaging, and re-engage audiences post-visit with strategic campaigns Measure and monitor with analytics Yext raised $50 million in its latest round of funding in 2014, and has been using the capital to develop its revolutionary new product, Xone, improve existing product functionality to maintain its status as the industry’s premiere digital location management solution, hire exceptional new talent, and expand its operations both domestically and internationally. Yext was named by Forbes as one of America's Most Promising Companies in 2014 and 2015, was recognized by CNBC in their Disruptor 50 list , was included as one of Fortune’s Best Places to Work 2014 , and was featured on Crain’s Fast 50 .	Senior Software Engineer	Yext	New York	NY	New York, NY	Yext	Fri, 30 Oct 2015 15:12:00 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=42123bcfeaffb687&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXeIHQ5OyeANUCGUSmAm8bO-Znm21FX9cscDzOYVkvUy2JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke256n1a4j0gg
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	About Us Birchbox is changing the way consumers discover and purchase beauty, grooming, and lifestyle products. We combine a monthly subscription service with a fully integrated e-commerce shop. Every month, members sample high-end products targeted to fit their personal profile and behavior, learn about them through our content, and purchase full-size versions of the products they like. Our platform provides our brand partners with an innovative and efficient way to access new customers. Birchbox launched in the Fall of 2010 and is one of the fastest growing companies in New York. We are backed by top VC firms, such as Accel Partners and First Round Capital. At Birchbox you will: Take your ideas to the next level right away. We experiment, iterate, learn, and repeat. Build things people love. Our goal is to surprise and delight our customers as much as possible. Great design, simple user experience, and access to data help us achieve this. Collaborate, with purpose - you’ll work in small groups with other talented thinkers. Work with people who care. We’re a group of talented professionals who pride ourselves on what we do. We’re smart, innovative, energetic, and lots of fun. Tech @ Birchbox The technology team at Birchbox is responsible for developing customer-facing sites (in the United States, France, the UK, and Spain), managing hosted and cloud infrastructure, and closely supporting other teams (logistics, marketing, et al.) in our 210+-person company. We work with a wide variety of open-source technologies: Debian-based servers; Chef deployments; Ruby on Rails, Java and PHP services; and Python, Perl and R scripts. Responsibilities You will have the opportunity to work on all aspects of our technical infrastructure including: developing scalable backend services in key focus areas such as logistics, payments, and inventory management building our internal and developer APIs developing new user-facing features for our engaged customer base across all markets working with our data science team to develop an infrastructure for personalization working with the entire team to provide a consistent, fast, and delightful, experience to our customers and partners Requirements 5+ years professional software engineering experience, 2+ years web-stack experience developing in multiple languages including Ruby, Python, PHP, and Java or C/C++ experience with large-scale relational and non-relational databases experience with testing and the associated tools/frameworks a solid grounding in computer science, and an understanding of the efficiency of the code in terms of time and space you have a thirst for new knowledge, and responsibility. You want to own projects in their entirety, and master new problem spaces and technologies. you are pragmatic: sometimes a beautiful solution is impermanent and expedient. You know how to make the call. Pluses Bachelors, Masters or PhD in Computer Science Startup experience Experience relevant to E-commerce Fluency in French and/or Spanish Job Type: Full-time Local candidates only: New York, NY Required experience: Engineering: 2 years Required education: Bachelor's 	Sr. Software Engineer	Birchbox	New York	NY	New York, NY	Indeed	Sat, 24 Oct 2015 05:37:00 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=82943df60f62bc99&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXeIHQ5OyeANUCGUSmAm8bO-Znm21FX9cscDzOYVkvUy2JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke256n1a4j0gg
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Rubicon Project is looking for talented, passionate, experienced, and entrepreneurial engineers in high performance, high scale, multithreaded enterprise computing. If the thought of handling a million transactions per second in 10 milliseconds or less excites you then this is the place for you. You’ll be working within a small but rapidly growing team to build the next generation advertising automation platform. As we grow, leadership opportunities will become available so there are opportunities for career growth. Required experience/skills: 4+ years of overall software development experience with a minimum of 2 years of core java backend technologies. Java threading and concurrency. Great interpersonal, written and verbal communication skills; including the ability to create technical specifications, debate technical tradeoffs, and explain technical concepts to business users A strong understanding of algorithms and data structures, and their performance characteristics Proficiency in working and developing on Linux Experience supporting operations teams with deployments and debugging production issues. Experience responding to feature requests, bug reports, performance issues and ad-hoc questions Experience with automated testing (TDD, Mocking, Unit/Functional/Integration) Experience with development continuous integration tools like maven, bamboo, git, Jenkins, Crucible, Jira, Confluence, etc. Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, Engineering (or equivalent professional experience) Preferred Background: Interest in machine learning, data mining, big data, Java NIO, and analytics Experience in building back-end systems for an Internet startup ad technology company Proficient in Agile development, and able to integrate tightly with business and operations teams Experience with Cloud Computing basic systems administration Experience with NoSQL data stores. About Rubicon Project: Rubicon Project is the leading technology company automating the buying and selling of advertising globally. Our goal is to build and grow a truly unique company. From the passionate problem solvers we hire, our commitment to culture, the scale and scope of the products and infrastructure we engineer, to the way we partner with our customers (and help them deliver value to their customers), and creative rewards for our team members, we aim to make the Rubicon Project something people are excited to be a part of every day.	Senior Software Engineer	Rubicon Project	New York	NY	New York, NY	Rubicon Project	Sat, 24 Oct 2015 02:50:00 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=7bbc249f6beaf13b&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXeIHQ5OyeANUCGUSmAm8bO-Znm21FX9cscDzOYVkvUy2JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke256n1a4j0gg
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Fundera is the most trusted marketplace for small business owners to find and secure credit to grow responsibly. Since the financial crisis small business owners have been underserved by traditional banks and they are now turning to online lenders to find the capital they need to grow. Ironically, over 50% of these loans originated by online lenders are sourced through offline loan brokers that are taking advantage of and fleecing entrepreneurs left and right. Small business owners, the lifeblood of our economy, deserve better. At Fundera, we are working to build the industry's most trustworthy, transparent, and pro-small business owner marketplace that always puts the customer first. We build software and support small business owners with exceptional customer service that is quickly revolutionizing the way small business owners access credit and replacing offline loan brokers. Small business credit is one of the few industries where the internet has had close to no impact when it comes to empowering consumers and providing them the buying power they need to come out on top, and we are bringing that change to the world. We're looking for engineers that are passionate about solving real business problems that face small businesses today. We're not writing code for code's sake -- our engineering team is deeply entrenched in the product and business process, and we build tools quickly to solve problems of today. We're also not scared to use new technologies to solve problems -- if it means we have to rewrite some of our Ruby core in Go or Node.js, or if we would see large productivity and experience gains using React vs. vanilla JS, we will certainly go down that route. We're building: * Highly interactive charting and planning tools for small businesses (think Mint.com) * Scoring engines for inbound leads based on rich structured data * APIs for our partners to be able to send and score leads in real time * etc. If the prospect of helping your local small business get funding by creating new technology is exciting, please apply! Responsibilities Feature development for the Fundera application using technologies like Ruby on Rails, React.js, and PostgreSQL Analyzing usage data to prioritize the feature development pipeline Building scalable infrastructure components to handle large amounts of data procesing Helping the data science team develop scalable analytics engines to monitor small businesses Requirements Experience writing and deploying production web applications (Ruby on Rails preferred) Proficiency in SQL (PostgreSQL a plus) Strong experience with JavaScript and HTML/CSS Experience using Git (or derivative) for version control Experience with test-driven development Experience with modern Agile practices Experiences administering Linux servers and using cloud services like Amazon S3, RDS, etc. Benefits Competitive salary and meaningful equity at a early stage and high growth company Medical, dental, and vision insurance Snack-stocked kitchen and coffee fuel Collaborative and transparent work environment with opportunity to work across across multiple departments Work with a world-class team changing and shaping the future of small business credit access This is a FULL TIME position.	Full Stack Software Engineer	Fundera	New York	NY	New York, NY	Fundera	Sat, 07 Nov 2015 07:19:00 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=3008191ec552b294&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXeIHQ5OyeANUCGUSmAm8bO-Znm21FX9cscDzOYVkvUy2JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke256n1a4j0gg
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	DTCC is adding a Software Engineer - Protocoll Product Support to our team in Jersey City, NJ. This is an exciting opportunity to develop your technical skills, as you learn collateral management and are exposed to the derivatives domain in financial services. Work as a member of the collateral development team, focused on the Omgeo ProtoColl product. This role is responsible for ensuring effective support of client production issues and enhancing product. Working with different teams to identify and resolve issues reported by customers using effective root cause analysis and defect fixing. Support process improvement. Assist in product and process improvement to make operation support more effective. Experience Must have: Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills Excellent customer facing skills Ability to document and communicate complex business and technology problems 3+ years Java DB - MS SQL Server UNIX - shell scripts Should have: EE technologies - Spring, Hibernate etc. Knowledge of the Software Development Lifecycle and post production support processes BA, BS or BCS preferred. Could have: Knowledge of RMI, Java Swing, Java script Knowledge of Application Servers – Jboss/Weblogic Financial Services/securities BA, BS or BCS preferred. With over 40 years of experience, DTCC is the premier post-trade market infrastructure for the global financial services industry. From operating facilities, data centers and offices in 23 countries, DTCC, through its subsidiaries, automates, centralizes, and standardizes the post-trade processing of financial transactions, mitigating risk, increasing transparency and driving efficiency for thousands of broker/dealers, custodian banks and asset managers worldwide. User owned and industry governed, the firm simplifies the complexities of clearing, settlement, asset servicing, data management and information services across asset classes, bringing increased security and soundness to the financial markets. In 2014, DTCC’s subsidiaries processed securities transactions valued at approximately US$1.6 quadrillion. Its depository provides custody and asset servicing for securities issues from over 131 countries and territories valued at US$64 trillion. DTCC’s global trade repository maintains approximately 40 million open OTC positions and processes roughly 280 million messages a week. To learn more, please visit www.dtcc.com or follow us on Twitter @The_DTCC.	Software Engineer - Protocoll Development Support	DTCC	Jersey City	NJ	Jersey City, NJ	DTCC	Thu, 29 Oct 2015 05:24:22 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=f3803a124a683f0a&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXeIHQ5OyeANUCGUSmAm8bO-Znm21FX9cscDzOYVkvUy2JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke256n1a4j0gg
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	IMS Health is the leading technology company in healthcare. Our team is focused on building modern large-scale software products which take advantage of IMS Health's unique data assets. As a QA Engineer at IMS Health, you will be working to improve the reliability and performance of our client / Server applications with a small team of engineers to perfect our next generation application. Requirements include, figuring out technology puzzles, hates disorganization and lives to identify, record, thoroughly document and track bugs; sticking with a task until completion. Primary Responsibilities: Review functional and design specifications to ensure full understanding of individual deliverables Collaborate with Integration team to ensure quality standards are being met consistently Backend Application testing on MS platform in Oracle environment Identify test requirements from specifications, map test case requirements and design test coverage plan Develop, document and maintain functional test cases and other test artifacts like the test data, data validation, harness scripts and automated scripts Execute and evaluate manual or automated test cases and report test results Identify any potential quality issues per defined process Ensure that validated deliverables meet functional and design specifications and requirements Isolate, replicate, report and verify defect fixes Function as the Subject Matter Expert (SME) in areas of software Perform other duties as required and assigned by Supervisors / Managers Qualifications: 3+ years of relevant QA technical experience Must have Oracle experience; SQL / PL-SQL experience required Microsoft Platform experience required Black box testing	Software Integration Test Engineer	IMS Health	Township of Warren	NJ	Township of Warren, NJ	IMS Health	Thu, 05 Nov 2015 06:48:59 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=6fc7fc44c16828a2&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXeIHQ5OyeANUCGUSmAm8bO-Znm21FX9cscDzOYVkvUy2JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke256n1a4j0gg
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	About Grovo Grovo is a better way to learn at work. The platform empowers companies with the training technology and content to align, educate, and inspire their teams. From onboarding to professional development, Grovo's 60-second microlearning videos teach everything 21st century employees need, delivered in a way that learners love. Founded in 2010, the learning technology company is based in midtown Manhattan and was recently recognized as the " Best Place to work in NY Tech " by Internet Week. The fast-growing SaaS startup has raised venture financing from Accel Partners, Greg Waldorf, Costanoa Venture Capital, SoftTech VC, Lerer Ventures and Red Swan Ventures. Learn more at www.grovo.com/careers or read our Glassdoor page . About the team Grovo is reinventing learning for the 21st century workforce and we want your help! We’re looking for passionate hackers, thinkers, problem solvers, and innovators to bring our vision to life. Come join a tight-knit team of 15 developers in a highly collaborative environment, where you’ll help shape the next generation of our platform. From product inception all the way to deploying code to production, you’ll get to make an immediate impact at one of the fastest growing companies in tech. We celebrate victory, don’t shy from failure, and we’re always learning. Oh, and the work you do here really does matter. Your code will power learning for brands like Capital One, Major League Baseball, Pitney Bowes, and more. If that sounds good, we want to hear from you! Come join us and leave your mark on the way the working world learns. About the role Grovo was built to help modern professionals advance in their career. Over the past five years, we've played a critical role in changing how people around the world learn digital skills. As the only EdTech company bringing an innovative learning technology to the workplace, we’re looking for creative minds who can move ideas into action. You’ll be part of a brilliant and lean Engineering team that works in an agile environment, and tackles data challenges of large proportions as we continue to scale. We primarily work with PHP, MySQL, Memcached, Redis, and AWS. We foster an interactive and transparent work environment where engineers at Grovo are expected to have a direct influence on the product and come up with innovative solutions that satisfy client needs. Skills &amp; Requirements Who you are You’re a business-savvy engineer You’re a creative problem solver You’re hellbent on success You’re not afraid to learn from failure What you’ll be doing Work on building and scaling the architecture for our enterprise platform Lead the charge in visionary ideas that directly shape our product and bring them into fruition Proactively collaborate across engineering teams such as Data, Core Product and DevOps as the work you do will have overlap across the board Collaborate cross-functionally with Product, Marketing, Sales and beyond to understand needs and challenges faced by our clients Working to design and implement a language-agnostic architecture that supports our application layer Spend 10% of your time on Grovo Labs, playing around with technologies that interest you and share what you’ve learned with the team to push our tech-forward mentality Things we like Open to learning and teaching different languages and technologies (we mostly use PHP) Computer science degree or 3+ years of experience in related field Worked on high scale systems Venture-funded start-up experience Contributed to open-source projects Public portfolio of past and ongoing work (Github) Knowledgeable of AWS and DevOps tools/automation \	Software Engineer	Grovo	New York	NY	New York, NY	StackOverflow Jobs	Thu, 05 Nov 2015 04:03:46 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=b9d8d43ef13651a6&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXeIHQ5OyeANUCGUSmAm8bO-Znm21FX9cscDzOYVkvUy2JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke256n1a4j0gg
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	US Consumer Digital Acquisition is a core business process within American Express Technologies. It deals with acquiring new prospects and cross selling consumer products to existing card members. The capabilities within the Consumer Digital Acquisition Platform encompass complex and varied business processes, and supports the desktop, tablet and mobile channels. You will be part of a fast-paced, entrepreneurial team responsible for delivering world class Cardmember experiences. You will be challenged with identifying innovative ideas and proof of concepts to deliver against the existing and future needs of our customers. · Owns all technical aspects of software development for assigned applications Performs hands-on architecture, design, and development of systems · Functions as Senior member of an agile team and helps drive consistent development practices – tools, common components, and documentation · Mentors engineers, and may have management responsibilities over 2-3 engineers · Typically spends 50% of time writing code and testing, and remainder of time collaborating with stakeholders through ongoing product/platform releases · Develops deep understanding of tie-ins with other systems and platforms within the supported domains · Writes code and unit tests, works on API specs, automation, and conducts code reviews and testing · Performs ongoing refactoring of code, utilizes visualization and other techniques to fast-track concepts, and deliver continuous improvement Identifies opportunities to adopt innovative technologies · Provides continuous support for ongoing application availability · Works closely with product owners on blueprints and annual planning of feature sets that impact multiple platforms and products · Works with product owners to prioritize features for ongoing sprints and managing a list of technical requirements based on industry trends, new technologies, known defects, and issues Qualifications This high energy Senior Engineer must have: · 6+ years of software development experience · prefer a BS or MS degree in computer science, computer engineering, or other technical discipline · Demonstrated experience in Agile development, application design, software development, and testing · Thorough understanding of XML, JSON , Web Services technologies, and data structure fundamentals, with experience in multi-threaded programming · Experience with Java applications design and development in an Enterprise setting using J2EE, Spring, SQL DBMS · Strong HTML, HTML5 and JavaScript (AJAX, DOM, JSON, XML) and Java skills · CSS experience · SVN or source management experience · Java, Servlets, Struts, Spring and JSP/JSTL experience · jQuery, Prototype and Scriptaculous experience · experience leading/mentoring other engineers · Experience with a broad range of software languages and payments technologies is a plus · Expertise in Objected Oriented Analysis and Design across a variety of platforms · A proven hunger to learn new technologies and translate them into working software · Ability to effectively communicate to internal and external business partners on solution design · Aptitude for learning and applying programming concepts Offer of employment with American Express is conditioned upon the successful completion of a background verification check, subject to applicable laws and regulations. American Express is an equal opportunity employer and makes employment decisions without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability status, or any other status protected by law. Click here to view the "EEO is the Law" poster. ReqID: 15013387	Sr. Software Engineer - Java, Web Engineering Digital Acquisitions	American Express	New York	NY	New York, NY	American Express	Sat, 31 Oct 2015 08:49:00 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=bb67ab84f0862fa7&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXeIHQ5OyeANUCGUSmAm8bO-Znm21FX9cscDzOYVkvUy2JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke256n1a4j0gg
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Senior Software Engineer Designs, builds and maintains the Analytics Data Cloud, which is the single data layer for all of the semi-volatile analytics and numeric content in Thomson Reuters. The key problem areas that this team solves are "big data", access to content at very high speeds and "internet scale", i.e. 1000s of concurrent users. The team also provides high speed analytic engines for complex screening, aggregation, multi-factor ranking, etc. using parallel and vectorized processing methodologies. The Senior Software Developer will participate in the design and development of a distributed, high availability, low latency, high throughput data cloud that will be the hub between content sets and client-facing products. The successful applicant for this position will participate in and drive all aspects of the SDLC. This will include requirements analysis (both functional and non-functional), architecture for scalability/availability/consistency, detailed design of sub-systems, prototype and production code development, performance testing and tuning, functional and load testing, as well as deployment and ongoing maintenance, support and continual enhancement. COMPETENCIES Required/Must have : Good Object-Oriented design skills Software Development Experince (3 plus years) Coding for High-Performance, Low Latency We are the leading source of intelligent information for the world's businesses and professionals, providing customers with competitive advantage. Intelligent information is a unique synthesis of human intelligence, industry expertise and innovative technology that provides decision-makers with the knowledge to act, enabling them to make better decisions faster. We deliver this must-have insight to the financial and risk, legal, tax and accounting, intellectual property and science and media markets, powered by the world's most trusted news organization. Qualifications At Thomson Reuters, we believe what we do matters. We are passionate about our work, inspired by the impact it has on our business and our customers. As a team, we believe in winning as one - collaborating to reach shared goals, and developing through challenging and meaningful experiences. With over 60,000 employees in more than 100 countries, we work flexibly across boundaries and realize innovations that help shape industries around the world. Making this happen is a dynamic, evolving process, and we count on each employee to be a catalyst in driving our performance - and their own. As a global business, we rely on diversity of culture and thought to deliver on our goals. To ensure we can do that, we seek talented, qualified employees in all our operations around the world regardless of race, color, sex/gender, including pregnancy, gender identity and expression, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, disability, age, marital status, citizen status, veteran status, or any other protected classification under country or local law. Thomson Reuters is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer providing a drug-free workplace. Intrigued by a challenge as large and fascinating as the world itself? Come join us. To learn more about what we offer, please visit careers.thomsonreuters.com. More information about Thomson Reuters can be found on thomsonreuters.com. Job: Technology Development Family Group Primary Location: United States of America-New York-New York-USA-New York-3 Times Square Organization: F&amp;R UPG Content &amp; Fundamentals Analytics Schedule: Full-time Education Level: None Job Type: Standard Shift: Day Job	Senior Software Engineer	Thomson Reuters	New York	NY	New York, NY	Thomson Reuters	Sat, 07 Nov 2015 10:49:40 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=5cc9ac9d29ae61d0&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXeIHQ5OyeANUCGUSmAm8bO-Znm21FX9cscDzOYVkvUy2JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke256n1a4j0gg
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Impact Ever wondered how Amazon offers the Earth's biggest selection and still manages to offer lower prices every day to our customers? Our retail business teams work with a massive array of vendors and business financial performance metrics to expand selection and drive costs lower. Given the rapid growth of our business, this requires our category leaders, financial analysts, site merchandisers and vendor managers to quickly analyze vendors, categories and brands, diving deep into data showing business efficiency down to the unit sale level. The technology that enables this has huge visibility and impact and is critical to Amazon's continued profitability and growth. Innovation We're working on the future. If you are seeking an environment where you can drive innovation. If you want to apply state-of-the-art software technologies to solve real world problems. If you want the satisfaction of providing visible benefit to end-users in an iterative fast paced environment, this is your opportunity. The responsibilities of this role will be key in paving the future of Amazon Retail and transforming how we do business. Opportunity You will be part of a team of creative, top-notch software developers to work hard, have fun, and make history. Software engineers at Amazon are more than just order takers; they see a problem and leverage innovative technology to address it. You will be working with very large data sets, well beyond the scalability limits of conventional relational databases. We're looking for people who innovate, love solving hard problems, and never take "no" for an answer. Our team is within Retail Financial Intelligence Systems and develops sophisticated tools for the Amazon Retail businesses, supporting deep dive analysis, vendor negotiations and business planning towards enhancement at the bottom line. We also provide financial and operational reports to Amazon retail vendors worldwide. To learn more about Financial Intelligence Systems, visit our page at http://bit.ly/AmazonFIS Basic Qualifications Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science or related field, and 3+ years relevant work experience 8+ years professional experience in software development Computer Science fundamentals in object-oriented design Computer Science fundamentals in data structures Computer Science fundamentals in algorithm design, problem solving, concurrency and complexity analysis Proficiency in, at least, one modern programming language such as Java, C, C++, C#, or Perl; and relational databases Preferred Qualifications Experience taking a leading role in designing, building and successfully delivering complex software systems Knowledge of professional software engineering practices and the full software development life cycle, including coding standards, code reviews, source control management, build processes, testing, and operations Experience with distributed computing and enterprise-wide systems Proven success in communicating with users, other technical teams, and senior management to collect requirements, describe software product features, technical designs, and product strategy Experience mentoring junior software engineers to improve their skills Knowledge of user experience development or distributed cloud applications a big plus. Knowledge of statistical analysis and/or machine learning is a plus but not required. Experience with Agile software development (scrum) is a plus but not required. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer.	Software Development Engineer - Financial Intelligence Systems	Amazon Corporate LLC	New York	NY	New York, NY	Amazon.com	Mon, 02 Nov 2015 22:28:00 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=5e8b74b5ce37bade&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0CWDn8AZi8j03ZX9tBH_yTJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke2b2m18do1m8
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Job Summary: Responsible for the design, development and implementation of applications following the full systems development lifecycle (SDLC). Functional Responsibilities: Assists in developing, testing, implementation and support of application systems. Develops detailed flowcharts to show processing logic for simple programs. Designs and codes programs; creates test transactions and runs tests; revises as necessary.Prepares documentation of all procedures used in system. Reviews, analyzes, and modifies programming systems, including encoding, testing, debugging and documenting programs. Performs related duties as assigned or requested. Supervisory Responsibilities: None. Typical Experience: Degree in Computer Science, Information Systems or other related field. 2-5 years of related work experience. Required Experience: Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, Information Systems or other related field. 2+ years hands-on experience with Mobile Development Technologies including HTML/HTML5, JavaScript, JQuery, Bootstrap, JSON, CSS/CSS3, Web Services (SOAP/REST) 2+ years hands-on experience with Portal design and Sharepoint Development technologies including .NET Framework, C#, Sharepoint 2+ years Hands-on with Coding and Debugging using Microsoft Visual Studio. 2+ years of experience with large scale projects 1+ years of experience with using software development tools to vet new ideas via quick proof-of-concept projects. 1+ years of experience creating functional and technical requirements documents Preferred Experience: 5+ years hands-on experience with Mobile Development Technologies including HTML/HTML5, JavaScript, JQuery, Bootstrap, JSON, CSS/CSS3, Web Services (SOAP/REST) 5+ years hands-on experience with Sharepoint Development technologies including .NET Framework, C#, Sharepoint 5+ years Hands-on with Coding and Debugging using Microsoft Visual Studio. Successful collaboration with business and technical partners to design and deliver large scale projects Participation in functional and technical fit/gap sessions to identify and analyze requirements Proficient in creating functional and technical requirements documents Contribute to development of user guides, reference manuals, training materials and code release artifacts as appropriate. Communicate and take ownership of issues and risks identified until remediated Ensure compliance to System Development Life Cycle (SDLC). Critical thinker with analytical mindset and exemplary written, oral, and interpersonal skills Ability to work both independently and collaboratively in a team-oriented environment Excellent written, oral, and interpersonal skills Expert in Microsoft Office Suite of products (Outlook, Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Visio) Travel: 10% Experience Required One to Three Years Education Required Bachelors Degree Business Category Global Technology &amp; Operations	Software Develop Engineer II	MetLife GTO	Long Island City	NY	Long Island City, NY	MetLife GTO	Thu, 29 Oct 2015 08:59:43 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=6c8d3427a6a4b8e8&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0CWDn8AZi8j03ZX9tBH_yTJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke2b2m18do1m8
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Title: Software Engineer (Testing) - Entry Level Location: New York, NY Duration: Full Time Job Description: Responsibilities include: Supporting technology projects throughout the planning and delivery cycles. Deliver software development improvements. Support the development of Syntel’s best practices. Qualifications include: Associates, Bachelors, or Master’s Degree in Computer Science or related field. Excellent verbal communication and written, with active listening and summarization skills. Knowledge and experience of gathering data for requirements and use case development. Research and gather both business and technology requirements to support project initiatives. Perform analysis of existing or new processes to determine how to best enable and implement. Respond to Intersystem impact requests to get the impacted stake holders. Work closely with a highly synergized team of Project Managers and Technical resources. Ensure comprehensive, timely and quality delivery of all requests. Works with business facing analysis to determine and translate business requirements into technology solutions. Lead end-to-end research and analysis across multiple teams. Work closely with clients/customers to ensure alignment on technical solution. Ensure that all documentation meets/aligns with required compliance standards. Coordinate and monitor end-to-end testing activities. Responsible for the quality of deliverables in terms of the analysis report, technical design documentation, and the adherence to technical compliance standards. Excellent judgmental, interpersonal, communication skills and follow through. Active listening and summarization skills. Proactively influencing, advising, and collaborating with Business and Technologies partners at all levels Willingness to relocate. Experience with any software technology: C++, JAVA, .net is a plus. About Our Company : Syntel INC. - Nationwide leading IT Outsourcing, IT consulting, and BPO firm offering managed IT services, Enterprise Business Solutions and Collaborative client partnerships. “Small enough to listen, Big enough to deliver”…. Let me brief you about this fast growing IT Corporation. We are into IT Application &amp; outsourcing. We are NASDAQ listed, and CMM Level 5 Co. We have been in the industry since 1980. Our revenue is estimated at $ 824 million with the staff strength of 23,000 + Global Workforce . Our Development centers are situated across the Globe - USA (Arizona, Tennessee, Maryland, Oregon, North Carolina, New York, and Michigan), Germany, Singapore, UK, and India. 	Software Engineer (Testing) - Entry Level	SYNTEL	New York	NY	New York, NY	Indeed	Mon, 26 Oct 2015 14:23:10 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=16360c6be73ac72d&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0CWDn8AZi8j03ZX9tBH_yTJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke2b2m18do1m8
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Manhattan based multinational agency brokerage and financial markets technology firm aimed at a hedge fund and asset management clientele. Summary: Utilize experience in C++, C#, Computer Networks, Direct Market Data Feeds, Message Oriented Middleware and Agile Methodology to develop and enhance real-time market data software. Experience with Reuters Market Data System (RMDS). Work with the market data vendor to design and implement Market Data feed handler. Design databases and third party interfaces. Ability to analyze and design at multiple product levels. Perform all phases of software development lifecycle including requirements gathering, analysis, design, construction, deployment, and maintenance. Research, coordinate and resolve production support issues by interacting with product owner, clients and other stakeholder. Work with other Market Data groups to solve highly technical and complex problems on multiple projects, and provide consultative support to team members. Coordinate with other technology leads to ensure a consistent design and compatibility with all interfacing products Responsibilities: Code, test and debug new and existing software. Develop enhancements to existing software according to specifications. Develop standard routines and utility programs. Review functional specifications and work with the project team to provide technical solutions that meet the needs of the business. Conduct software compatibility tests and resolve interface and system architecture problems. Conduct system modeling, simulation and analysis in designing software programs and applications. Perform maintenance on existing software products. Document solutions. Skills and Experience: Previous experience in object oriented programming, embedded systems, network programming, multithreading, relational databases (RDBMS) and new/advanced programming languages Proven technical knowledge in software development methodologies, design and implementation Demonstrated ability to effectively communicate quantitative and conceptual topics and concepts Previously demonstrated excellent problem solving aptitude Demonstrated ability to work independently, handle multiple tasks simultaneously and adapt quickly to changes Previous experience developing high quality industry specific applications Required: C++ C# / .NET Object Oriented programming Multithreading SQL /Sybase/ RDBMS Windows OS Networking Protocols and Programming: UDP, TCP/IP UNIX/Linux Also Valued: Service Oriented architectures COM PERL Python Job Type: Full-time Salary: $75,000.00 /year Local candidates only: New York, NY 10006 Required experience: C++, C#, .NET: 2 years Required education: Bachelor's 	Software Engineer	Bernard Nickels & Associates	New York	NY	New York, NY	Indeed	Wed, 28 Oct 2015 15:51:00 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=abae21bd11c7b10b&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0CWDn8AZi8j03ZX9tBH_yTJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke2b2m18do1m8
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	About the Team The Maker Innovation Team is a new product team at Etsy focused on helping sellers scale their shops. We’re designing software that will both educate and encourage sellers to explore different ways to grow their businesses. We are a tight-knit team that is passionate about building great products for the Etsy platform. About the Job As a Senior Engineer on the Maker Innovation team, you will be responsible for bringing tech leadership and experience to a team focused on building software solutions that directly impact helping sellers scale their creative businesses. Your day-to-day will change regularly and will touch every aspect of getting new software products conceived, designed, architected and released into a production environment. We're looking for full-stack engineers - you'll be dealing with the MySQL, Redis, PHP, and front-end stuff (HTML/CSS/JS). The team consists of a few engineers, a designer, and a product manager, so there will be a lot of meaningful collaboration. About You You consider critical thinking and leadership skills to be among your core competencies. Rigor is important to you. Honesty, integrity, and a firm grip on reality are much more important to you than being right. You recognize the inherent limitations of your own wetware, and you do your best to work around them. You have mastered more than one technology stack in your life, and you’re comfortable with the idea of mastering several more. You're competent at high levels and low levels. Most importantly for this job, it never even occurs to you that there might be someone else you could bug to fix your immediate problem. You take no dependencies. Not only are you not married to your implementation, you can name dozens of things that you frankly hate about it. You are thoughtful, and you ship. What’s Next If you're interested in joining the team, please send us your resume and cover letter. Let us know how you fit the bill for each of our requirements above. Etsy is a place that values individuality and variety, so use your judgment and write to us in your own voice. If you have a presence on the web that we can easily access (Twitter, Facebook, rap sheet), contribute to an open source project, write a blog, or practice another craft besides designing beautiful, functional websites, we’d love to hear about it.	Senior Software Engineer, Maker Innovation	Etsy	Brooklyn	NY	Brooklyn, NY	Etsy	Wed, 28 Oct 2015 21:15:24 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=6c4ffe5d2b2a7115&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0CWDn8AZi8j03ZX9tBH_yTJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke2b2m18do1m8
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	------ Appboy is the leading platform for Marketing Automation for Apps. The company enables the world's brightest companies to manage the lifecycle of their users through a suite of marketing automation products and a dedicated Success Squad. In addition to user segmentation and location targeting, Appboy offers multi-channel messaging (push notifications, in-app messages, email), an in-app news feed and in-app customer support. Clients like Text+, Urban Outfitters, GSN, and PopSci use Appboy to increase engagement, reduce churn and build their mobile ROI. Our business is growing at a rapid pace, and we're looking for sharp individuals to join our team of 25 across the technology, marketing and sales disciplines. What we're looking for ---------------------- Appboy cares a lot about our customers, and we pride ourselves on having one of the best customer support and success organizations in the industry. We're looking for a Support Engineer to join us as the technical escalation point for our customer success team and eventually build internal tools and features for the Appboy platform. This person will also be responsible for debugging problems on our product side and solve technical issues encountered by our clients. Responsibilities: Become an expert in how our product works from a technical standpoint Be the technical point of contact for customer issues from Appboy’s customer success organization Add new feature and fix customer-facing bugs Build or buy new support tools to help automate common tasks and challenges QUALIFICATIONS -------------- Degree in computer science or equivalent experience Excellent communication skills Previous experience developing software, fantastic debugging skills Experience in a technical support role/developer role Pluses: Proficiency using Ruby on Rails, Knockout JS, Mongo DB or Hadoop Have previously worked in a start up 	Software Engineer-Support	Appboy	New York	NY	New York, NY	Appboy	Sat, 07 Nov 2015 13:19:00 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=a5ea620dd58d259d&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0CWDn8AZi8j03ZX9tBH_yTJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke2b2m18do1m8
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	T homson Reuters is the leading independent electronic foreign exchange platform giving over 1,000 institutional clients a trading edge with choice of execution, end-to-end workflow management and straight through processing. Thomson Reuter’s neutral platform and flexible, integrated tool set deliver access to the right execution strategies and liquidity in all market conditions. Our global team of knowledgeable, service-driven professionals serves the needs of active traders, asset managers, corporate treasurers, market makers, broker-dealers and prime brokers, all in a conflict-free environment; Thomson Reuters is a public company with offices in New York, London, Boston, Tokyo, Hong Kong, Singapore and Sydney with a presence in India and Washington, DC. We offer a comprehensive range of foreign currency trading and workflow solutions to our clients including: A network of 80+ banks that provide broad market access across currencies, products and time zones. Continuous, executable bank rate streams from FXall's liquidity providers, delivering instant execution with deep liquidity. Automated prices in exotic currencies with the flexibility to direct large transactions to a particular provider or prime broker, and the ability to roll trades forward. Advanced portfolio trading tools that streamline foreign exchange workflow and reduce the effort required to execute an entire portfolio of trades across multiple allocations, currencies and forward dates. Our platform can be adapted to create tailor-made internal dealing solutions that match the workflow requirements of any customer. An anonymous ECN to provide firm liquidity for all professional market participants. The high-speed matching engine has been architected for minimal latency and orders are processed according to transparent business rules, ensuring equal access for all participants. Full coverage of the post-trade workflow, including trade matching and give-ups on all FX transactions to a client’s prime brokers. Enterprise Solutions that allow banks or market-makers to leverage and white label our technology to serve their own customers or internal business requirements. Summary We are seeking an experienced developer to work on the design and implementation of Thomson Reuters Relationship Trading Platform. The successful candidate will combine strong hands on system development in CORE Java with an emphasis for developing test frameworks for our trading products. Responsibilities Collaborate with team leads and product managers to implement business enhancements and features Participate in building test frameworks , Automated functional test harness for new feature functions Deliver software projects on-time, on-scope and on-budget. Implements solutions as directed within standards Education/Experience Bachelor's degree in computer science, information systems, engineering or other related degree 5+ years software engineering experience 1+ years of Financial software development experience required. 1+ year of Java Swing , Java script experience Required Skills: Business / Product Experience in one or more of order management (OMS) , execution management (EMS), Order Workflows, Post Trade &amp; Settlement, Matching Engines, GUI is a Plus Experience in one or more underlying product areas (FX, Equities, Fixed income, futures &amp; options) – FX highly preferred Software development Strong CORE java knowledge with emphasis on Unit test development, test framework development. Understanding of system analysis and design in multi-threaded applications and messaging systems. Keen understanding of the challenges in multi-threaded development and practical techniques for addressing them. Demonstrated experience developing J2EE applications using JDBC, JNDI, JMS and other related technologies Knowledge of common design patterns and their application Experience with, and demonstrated understanding of modern software development and testing methodologies. Experience in User Interfaces: Event handlers, SWING, SWT Experience with FitNesse is desired. Infrastructure Build/process management : Maven, Cruise Control, Subversion, Clear case, GIT, Kovair (or equivalent products) Internet application development: firewalls, proxies, security Personal Strong verbal and written communication skills Excellent problem solving skills Strong team player Experience with the following a plus: Agile / rapid application development methodologies Experience with FitNesse test frameworks or similar. WebSockets, Javascript frameworks We are the leading source of intelligent information for the world's businesses and professionals, providing customers with competitive advantage. Intelligent information is a unique synthesis of human intelligence, industry expertise and innovative technology that provides decision-makers with the knowledge to act, enabling them to make better decisions faster. We deliver this must-have insight to the financial and risk, legal, tax and accounting, intellectual property and science and media markets, powered by the world's most trusted news organization. Qualifications At Thomson Reuters, we believe what we do matters. We are passionate about our work, inspired by the impact it has on our business and our customers. As a team, we believe in winning as one - collaborating to reach shared goals, and developing through challenging and meaningful experiences. With over 60,000 employees in more than 100 countries, we work flexibly across boundaries and realize innovations that help shape industries around the world. Making this happen is a dynamic, evolving process, and we count on each employee to be a catalyst in driving our performance - and their own. As a global business, we rely on diversity of culture and thought to deliver on our goals. To ensure we can do that, we seek talented, qualified employees in all our operations around the world regardless of race, color, sex/gender, including pregnancy, gender identity and expression, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, disability, age, marital status, citizen status, veteran status, or any other protected classification under country or local law. Thomson Reuters is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer providing a drug-free workplace. Intrigued by a challenge as large and fascinating as the world itself? Come join us. To learn more about what we offer, please visit careers.thomsonreuters.com. More information about Thomson Reuters can be found on thomsonreuters.com. Job: Technology Development Family Group Primary Location: United States of America-New York-New York-USA-New York-3 Times Square Organization: F&amp;R Trading Strategy &amp; Bus Dev Schedule: Full-time Job Type: Standard Shift: Day Job	Software Test Development Engineer	Thomson Reuters	New York	NY	New York, NY	Thomson Reuters	Sun, 08 Nov 2015 10:45:11 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=056550fba54bca9b&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0CWDn8AZi8j03ZX9tBH_yTJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke2b2m18do1m8
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	The CTERA Portal team develops an advanced cloud storage platform. We are looking for a talented and experienced java developer to join the Portal team. The position entails working on the server side of the application written in java using various advanced technologies. Desired Skills and Experience: At least 4 years experience in programming advanced Java. Deep knowledge and Experience in at least one of the following: databases, storage, networking, multithreading, cloud technologies, virtualization environments. Experience in Unix (OS and scripting) – An advantage. BSc in Computer Science from a well-known university – A must. To apply, send CV and cover letter to	Senior Software Engineer- Portal Team	CTERA	New York	NY	New York, NY	Ctera	Tue, 27 Oct 2015 06:42:34 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=fadb074d868b2d2a&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0CWDn8AZi8j03ZX9tBH_yTJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke2b2m18do1m8
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Job Description We live in a moment of remarkable change and opportunity. The convergence of data and technology is transforming industries, society and even the workplace. New roles are being created that never existed before to meet the demands of this transformation. And IBM is now looking for talent in healthcare, life sciences, financial services, the public sector and others to new roles destined to usher in the next era of cognitive computing. Embark on the journey with us at IBM Watson.As a Cognitive Software Engineer, you will be responsible for creating and maintaining machine learning models with a focus on big data. Working knowledge and familiarity of various statistical machine learning models are essential. At the same time, you’re an open minded, innovative, hacker who uses basic mathematical and statistical thinking to solve complex problems. You will be exposed to some of the latest tools and technologies, and leading edge experience within the field of cognitive computing. Discover what you can make of this moment. What will you make with IBM Watson? The preferred job locations are in the following Watson Labs: Austin,TX, Littleton,MA, New York,NY, Pittsburgh,PA, Raleigh, NC and San Jose,CA Qualifications null Additional Information null	Watson Senior Cognitive Software Engineer	IBM	New York	NY	New York, NY	IBM	Sun, 01 Nov 2015 03:06:43 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=03ca8376631a2258&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0CWDn8AZi8j03ZX9tBH_yTJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke2b2m18do1m8
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Priceline.com helps tens of thousands of customers get the best deal on travel every day. As a part of the Customer Service IT team, you will implement new requirements and build “one-off” solutions as required. You’ll be using your programming, scripting and SQL skills to build tools to help with problem diagnosis, automation, developing custom processes. The software engineer will be responsible for development of Customer Service system and processes. Delivering high-quality software on a frequent basis Design and develop browser-based tools to automate workflows as well as access, process, and visualize data Build, design, implement and maintain new systems and services within the customer service group Customize current and new system and tools to fit the company needs Participate in code reviews, evaluate implementations, and provide feedback about potential tool improvements. Skills &amp; Requirements Expert experience in Java Comfortable with SQL, and using Oracle and/or MySQL relational databases. Web application development. (HTML, JavaScript, Ajax, DHTML, HTTP, XML, CSS) Expertise in Java Server Pages (JSP) Experience using and writing Web Service APIs: REST, JSON Familiar with one or more of the JavaScript Frameworks: Angular JS, jQuery. Experience with Eclipse and GIT 2 plus years of relevant experience plus a Bachelor's degree required, OR a Masters Degree plus 1 year of relevant experience. About Priceline.com Founded in 1998 at the birth of the internet age, Priceline shook online travel into motion and challenged the status quo with its bold and innovative entrepreneurial spirit. With its breakthrough Name Your Own Price feature, Priceline quickly became the traveler's cool best friend. Priceline added published-price travel and took it up another notch. The view from the Empire State Building. The Las Vegas Strip at night. Sunsets in Baja. Croissants in Paris. The whole world was now just a click away for price-conscious travel consumers everywhere. Priceline is the world's leading internet travel company, and where online travel goes, Priceline blazes the trail. You want it all at your fingertips, 24/7. We get that. From award-winning apps for iPad, iPhone and Android to last-minute deals and new ways of saving on hotels without bidding, Priceline is at the cutting edge of innovation. All while remaining true to its core belief: providing customers with the best value for their money. Our Secret Sauce? It's our People. Priceline's success as one of the biggest players in online travel is all thanks to our incredible global team of over 8,000 people. We’re a diverse group of creative, self-motivated individuals with a passion for making travel easier, more affordable and more rewarding for our customers. Our culture feeds on collaboration. Individuals work in small, multi-disciplinary teams where we encourage experimentation, communication and teamwork. Every employee must be strong in his or her area of expertise, but willing to learn new skills and manage multiple projects simultaneously. Some of our benefits include: Medical and dental insurance for employee and family including pharmaceutical coverage.* 401k plan including company match Tuition reimbursement Generous paid time off including PTO time and holidays Flexible spending accounts, including Health FSA, Dependant Care FSA and Qualified Transportation FSA On-site fitness center, with available group and personal fitness classes On-site dry cleaner, cafeteria and convenience store Access to exclusive discounts on international and domestic travel Annual CEO recognition awards Some positions eligible to participate in employee stock equity program. Paid parental leave \	Software Engineer (Java)	Priceline.com	New York	NY	New York, NY	StackOverflow Jobs	Sat, 07 Nov 2015 04:10:41 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=fccf228f82d082c7&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0CWDn8AZi8j03ZX9tBH_yTJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke2b2m18do1m8
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Must be able to convert permanent Serving as a core Pega member of an agile team that drives user story analysis and elaboration, designs and develops software applications, and tests and builds automation tools Owning all technical aspects of software development for assigned applications; Performing hands-on architecture, design, and development of systems Performing hands-on software Pega development and testing, typically spending about 50% of time writing code, API specs, conducting code reviews and testing in ongoing sprints, or doing proof of concepts/automation tools Driving consistent Pega development practices - tools and common components; Developing deep understanding of tie-ins with other systems and platforms within the supported domains Working with technical product managers contributing to blueprints and assisting with annual planning of feature sets Identifying exciting opportunities for adopting new technology to solve existing needs and predicting future challenges Mentoring Pega Engineers and may have management responsibilities over 2-3 Engineers. Must be able to successfully complete the background verification check, subject to applicable laws and regulations. Job Requirements Pega Bachelor's or Master's degree in computer science, computer engineering, or other technical discipline, or equivalent work experience, is preferred Certified Pega System Architect (CSA) required Certified Senior Pega Systems Architect (CSSA) or Lead Pega System Architect (LSA) preferred 6+ years of software development experience Demonstrated experience in Agile development, application design, software development, and testing Experience and thorough understanding of Pega RULES Process Commander System or other business process management (BPM) system Experience with JAVA and related technologies, including relational databases Expertise in objected-oriented analysis and design across a variety of platforms A proven hunger to learn new technologies and translate them into working software Ability to effectively communicate to internal and external business partners on solution design 	Senior PEGA software engineer	DISYS	New York	NY	New York, NY	DISYS	Thu, 29 Oct 2015 14:34:55 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=a4257ff0724be8bb&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0CWDn8AZi8j03ZX9tBH_yTJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke2b2m18do1m8
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Be the first of your friends to declare, “I love where I work!" and actually mean it. Laugh hard and work hard with some of the best and brightest in the tech industry. GrubHub Holdings Inc. is the nation's leading online and mobile food-ordering company dedicated to connecting hungry diners with local takeout restaurants. The GrubHub Holdings Inc. portfolio of brands includes GrubHub, Seamless, MenuPages and Allmenus. The company's online and mobile ordering platforms allow diners to order directly from thousands of takeout restaurants across the country and London, and every order is supported by the company's 24/7 customer service. GrubHub Holdings Inc. has offices in Chicago, New York City and London. With a career at GrubHub Holdings Inc., you can order your cake and eat it, too! We are looking for Senior Software Engineers to help us dramatically expand and improve our set of products while simultaneously supporting a massive increase in the capacity of our systems. We have been extremely picky about assembling a team of smart, humble people who are passionate about creating amazing products. We work in an agile manner and believe strongly that small cross-functional teams empowered to make decisions and move fast are the best way to do so. This is an unbeatable opportunity for developers who hope to work on and deliver world class software in a friendly, fun, and innovative environment. RESPONSIBILITIES: Design, implement, and deliver awesome technical platforms and products for all constituencies (diners, corporate accounts, restaurants, internal tools) Understand our products from both a technical and business perspective in the context of our larger business. Communicate with leadership, product owners, other technologists, and users to create working software based on an understanding of business and technical priorities. Break down complex problems into elegant technical solutions to intelligently solve problems for diners, restaurant, corporate accounts and internal stakeholders. Actively contribute to the adoption of strong software architecture, development best practices, and new technologies. We are always improving the process of building software; we need you to help contribute. You will be a key part in accurately estimating the timing of software delivery. Job Requirements REQUIREMENTS: Bachelors Degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering or related field, Masters preferred Expert knowledge of Java (7+ years) Strong understanding of modern unit testing and version control - SVN or Git preferred Familiar with Agile software development methodologies Interested in working for a fast paced tech and product oriented company BONUS: Experience with building out a web application A personal github.com account GrubHub Holdings Inc. is an EQUAL EMPLOYMENT OPPORTUNITY/AFFIRMATIVE ACTION employer.	GrubHub - Senior Software Engineer	Illinois Technology Association	New York	NY	New York, NY	Illinois Technology Association	Thu, 29 Oct 2015 17:39:48 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=14e93fb351ca6839&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0CWDn8AZi8j03ZX9tBH_yTJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke2b2m18do1m8
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Do you like to break things? Understand why they broke and figure out how to fix them? Then make sure it does not happen again? You value reliability and consistency more than anything; whenever you see a divergence you want to crush it until it no longer exists. Manual testing is only palatable for an initial diagnosis; you want to automate and ensure repeatability of results even in the most complex distributed systems. You will traverse the MongoDB codebase and documentation, devising inventive ways to break the applications. You are inspired by real-world use cases and exotic dark corners of complex systems. You want to be the first to shine your light into any corner to discover what is lurking. You want to influence thinking to help build a more testable product and better engineering practices. You strive to promote quality across all aspects of the product. Responsibilities Dream up test cases to push MongoDB to the limit and then work to build testing infrastructure that incorporates these tests into the release qualification process Work with developers to perform root-cause analysis and preliminary problem diagnosis Work with MongoDB users and customers to reproduce bug reports from the field Work with product managers and engineering leads to produce great test plans and ensure that they are followed Requirements Strong problem-solving ability Excellent communication skills required to document and report defects Experience with automation tools Functional Unix and Windows experience (including scripting and automation) Excellent programming knowledge of a modern scripting language, such as JavaScript or Python Experience testing distributed, enterprise software Nice to have Experience with cloud providers (EC2, Rackspace, Joyent) preferred Experience with bug tracking software preferred Database experience (SQL or Non-relational) preferred 	Software Engineer in Test	MongoDB	New York	NY	New York, NY	MongoDB	Thu, 05 Nov 2015 11:01:00 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=7ae837e243dc232c&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0CWDn8AZi8j03ZX9tBH_yTJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke2b2m18do1m8
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Job Location Long Island City, NY Job Description Job Summary: Responsible for the design, development and implementation of applications following the full systems development lifecycle (SDLC). Functional Responsibilities: Assists in developing, testing, implementation and support of application systems. Develops detailed flowcharts to show processing logic for simple programs. Designs and codes programs; creates test transactions and runs tests; revises as necessary.Prepares documentation of all procedures used in system. Reviews, analyzes, and modifies programming systems, including encoding, testing, debugging and documenting programs. Performs related duties as assigned or requested. Supervisory Responsibilities: None. Typical Experience: Degree in Computer Science, Information Systems or other related field. 2-5 years of related work experience. Required Experience: Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, Information Systems or other related field. 2+ years hands-on experience with Mobile Development Technologies including HTML/HTML5, JavaScript, JQuery, Bootstrap, JSON, CSS/CSS3, Web Services (SOAP/REST) 2+ years hands-on experience with Portal design and Sharepoint Development technologies including .NET Framework, C#, Sharepoint 2+ years Hands-on with Coding and Debugging using Microsoft Visual Studio. 2+ years of experience with large scale projects 1+ years of experience with using software development tools to vet new ideas via quick proof-of-concept projects. 1+ years of experience creating functional and technical requirements documents Preferred Experience: 5+ years hands-on experience with Mobile Development Technologies including HTML/HTML5, JavaScript, JQuery, Bootstrap, JSON, CSS/CSS3, Web Services (SOAP/REST) 5+ years hands-on experience with Sharepoint Development technologies including .NET Framework, C#, Sharepoint 5+ years Hands-on with Coding and Debugging using Microsoft Visual Studio. Successful collaboration with business and technical partners to design and deliver large scale projects Participation in functional and technical fit/gap sessions to identify and analyze requirements Proficient in creating functional and technical requirements documents Contribute to development of user guides, reference manuals, training materials and code release artifacts as appropriate. Communicate and take ownership of issues and risks identified until remediated Ensure compliance to System Development Life Cycle (SDLC). Critical thinker with analytical mindset and exemplary written, oral, and interpersonal skills Ability to work both independently and collaboratively in a team-oriented environment Excellent written, oral, and interpersonal skills Expert in Microsoft Office Suite of products (Outlook, Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Visio) Travel: 10% Experience Required One to Three Years Education Required Bachelors Degree Business Category Global Technology &amp; Operations Job Category Information Technology Number of Openings 1 Equal Employment Opportunity MetLife is a proud equal opportunity/affirmative action employer committed to attracting, retaining, and maximizing the performance of a diverse and inclusive workforce. It is MetLife’s policy to ensure equal employment opportunity without discrimination or harassment based on race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, disability, national origin, marital or domestic/civil partnership status, genetic information, citizenship status, uniformed service member or veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. How To Apply Mobile Users: If viewing on a mobile device and would like to apply, please email job to yourself and complete application from a desktop/laptop. Desktop/Laptop Users: For immediate consideration, click Apply Now button below. You will be directed to complete an on-line profile which takes 15 – 20 minutes to complete. Upon completion, you will receive an automated confirmation email verifying you have successfully applied to the job. About MetLife What you probably know about MetLife is that we are one of the world's largest insurance providers. What you may not know is that while we have global scale, we're also surprisingly nimble. So nimble that in three months our Global Technology &amp; Operations group developed and implemented a new MongoDB/NoSQL application that aggregates data across 70 legacy systems, storing 24 terabytes of data and handling 45 million agreements with 140 million transactions. It's like being at a start-up, only with resources to make sure everything is done right. Our work spans the spectrum – from front- end HTML5/CSS3 UIs to highly-scalable cloud-ready applications to big-data predictive analytics – and everything in between. We're looking for people to help us transform the customer experience in a collaborative environment and a culture of creativity. So, if you like being challenged and using cutting–edge technologies to create breakthrough solutions, with enough resources behind you to help you succeed, then this is the place for you.	Software Develop Engineer II	MetLife	Long Island City	NY	Long Island City, NY	MetLife	Wed, 28 Oct 2015 13:43:59 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=7fb343d35d9b69ed&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0CWDn8AZi8j03ZX9tBH_yTJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke2b2m18do1m8
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Job Category: Technology/EngineeringTime Inc. is one of the largest branded media companies in the world. The company reaches more than 130 million people globally each month across multiple platforms, with influential brands like Time, People, Sports Illustrated, InStyle, Real Simple, Travel + Leisure, Food &amp; Wine and Wallpaper. Time Inc. is home to celebrated events and franchises including the Fortune 500, Time 100, People's Most Beautiful, Sports Illustrated's Sportsman of the Year, Essence Festival in New Orleans and the Food &amp; Wine Classic in Aspen. The job: The Senior Software Engineer at Time Inc. will be responsible for leading a team of developers responsible for building new and support existing Time Inc websites. Successful candidates will be strong engineers who can prioritize well, communicate clearly, have a consistent track record of delivery, and excellent software engineering skills. Our customers require creative engineering balanced with high quality and a customer focus. In addition, this person must be able to work across multiple facets of the project and juggle multiple responsibilities at the same time. The individual must have strong analytic capability and the ability to create innovative solutions. We are looking for a highly motivated individual who is looking to grow their career in a fast paced environment. You will: Work closely with project stakeholders including editorial, sales, marketing, and business development. Own new project development and ongoing site maintenace. Work with the following technologies PhP, Drupal 7, CSS, HTML, JS, Jquery, SASS, and other common front-end technologies. You have: Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or related field or equivalent experience to a Bachelor's degree based on 3 years of work experience for every 1 year of education 4+ years professional experience in professional web development Fluency in JavaScript and PHP Experience coding, testing and documenting Drupal themes – including all front end functionality and templates – and modules – using contributed modules and developing custom modules as needed Experience with modern web development standards and tools Masters degree in Computer Science or equivalent Experience building complex web systems that have been successfully delivered to customers Ability to take a project from scoping requirements through actual launch of the project Experience in communicating with users, other technical teams, and management to collect requirements, identify tasks, provide estimates and meet production deadlines Experience with mission critical, 24x7 systems Experience implementing and consuming large scale web services Experience developing software utilizing workflow or ESB software Experience with professional software engineering best practices for the full software development life cycle, including coding standards, code reviews, source control management, build processes, testing, and operations Respect in the Workplace. You demonstrate integrity and authenticity, you encourage and facilitate the exchange of ideas, and you foster an inclusive work environment. Connection and Collaboration. You communicate and relate effectively, you promote and encourage teamwork, you manage relationships and expectations, and you think and solve problems creatively The ability to make a difference. You take personal accountability for action and results, you are action-oriented rather than reactive, and you take initiative and go beyond what is required. Job Location: New York – New York	Senior Software Engineer	Time Inc	New York	NY	New York, NY	Time Inc	Wed, 28 Oct 2015 08:02:21 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=7927fc985069bd72&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0CWDn8AZi8j03ZX9tBH_yTJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke2b2m18do1m8
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	American Express is embarking on an exciting transformation driven by an energetic new team of high performers. This group is nimble and creative with the power to shape our technology and product roadmap. If you have the talent and desire to deliver innovative payment products and services at a rapid pace, serving our customers seamlessly across physical, digital, mobile, and social media, join our transformation team! Senior Software Engineers that join our Technologies team can be assigned to one of several exciting teams that are developing new virtual Internet-based payment solutions, customer service portals, online merchant services support and integration, credit management tools, and suites of web-based applications for cardmember targeted offers that will span over 20 international markets. You will be part of a fast-paced, entrepreneurial team responsible for delivering world-class cardmember experiences across multiple channels, including native iOS, Android, web, social integration, Java services, and APIs. You will be challenged with identifying innovative ideas and proof of concept to deliver against the existing and future needs of our customers. This position will be responsible for supporting the American Express Customer Marketing Capabilities team by playing an integral role in developing solutions and contributing to the long term strategy for new and existing critical applications. Our team is hugely diverse supporting not only the execution of marketing through the systems that we own, but also the advertising teams that use these systems for their marketing and campaign activities. It is an exciting portfolio with large amount of opportunity for the successful applicant. Job Responsibilities : Serving as a core member of an Agile team that drives user story analysis and elaboration, designs and develops software applications, and tests and builds automation tools Owning all technical aspects of software development (architecture, design and development of systems) for assigned applications Performing hands-on software development, typically spending at least 50% of time writing code, API specs, doing proof of concepts, conducting code reviews and testing in ongoing sprints Driving consistent development practices - tools and common components Developing deep understanding of tie-ins with other systems and platforms within the supported domains Working with technical product managers contributing to blueprints, and assisting with annual planning of feature sets Quickly generate and updating prototypes from concepts for testing and team feedback Finalizing prototypes into Applications by integrating with back-end services and functionality Identifying exciting opportunities for adopting new technology to solve existing needs and predicting future challenges Embrace emerging standards while promoting best practices in order to push the limits of possibility in a world class organization Offer of employment with American Express is conditioned upon the successful completion of a background verification check, subject to applicable laws and regulations. Qualifications 6+ years of software development experience Experience with Java applications design and development in an Enterprise setting using J2EE, JavaScript, Spring, SQL, DB2 DBMSs Thorough understanding of XML, JSON , web services technologies, and data structure fundamentals, with experience in multi-threaded programming Experience with .NET and Microsoft technologies is a plus Experience with workflow management platforms, (IBM, Aprimo, Pega) a plus Experience with running Software Version Control Systems (such as svn, git) required, continuous testing platforms (Selenium grid, etc.) a plus Expertise in Objected Oriented Analysis and Design across a variety of platforms Demonstrated experience in Agile development, application design, software development, and testing Ability to effectively communicate to internal and external business partners on solution design BS or MS degree in computer science, computer engineering, or equivalent experience American Express is an equal opportunity employer and makes employment decisions without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, protected veteran status, disability status, or any other status protected by law. Click here to view the “EEO is the Law” poster. If the link does not work, please copy and paste the following URL in a new browser window: http://www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/ofccpost.htm ReqID: 15016739	Senior Software Engineer - Customer Marketing Platforms	American Express	New York	NY	New York, NY	American Express	Sat, 31 Oct 2015 08:52:00 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=09c111c99f951be8&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0CWDn8AZi8j03ZX9tBH_yTJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke2b2m18do1m8
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	What it’s about SecondMarket is looking for a highly motivated and talented Rails Engineer with ~1-5 years of experience. You will partner with the Product Team and the business to design, build and maintain SecondMarket's applications. Working in an agile environment, you will be using industry best practices such as Test Driven Development, Continuous Integration and Continuous Deployment. What you’ve done Strong CS background Experience building enterprise web applications with Ruby on Rails* Knowledge of Ruby coding conventions/meta-programming a major plus Experience working with MVC frameworks Working knowledge of Javascript, JQuery and Javascript libraries Built AJAX-based applications Worked with relational databases such as PostgreSQL or MySQL Possess a knowledge of Object Oriented design patterns and principles Possess good communication skills and enjoy working with a team in a startup environment Demonstrated analytical and problem solving abilities Worked in an agile and product focused organization *Experience with Ruby/Rails is not necessarily required but is a major plus. We will consider training the right candidate with a Java, C# or Scala background. Why you’ll love it We’re headquartered in Silicon Alley - New York City, and we all have a similar New Yorker’s mindset: fast-paced, relentless and dynamic. The working environment here is extremely agile but focused. We all have diverse backgrounds, but follow the same core values: Be innovative Be intellectually curious Respect the regulations, but test conventional methods Build with Integrity and accountability Be passionate about your work Be a mentor Have fun Where you’ll work SecondMarket enables private companies, investment funds and other issuers to efficiently conduct complex financial transactions and better communicate with their stakeholders. Through the use of a sophisticated online platform, secure communication tools and high-touch support from market specialists, SecondMarket provides companies and funds with integrated solutions and unparalleled control over their transactions. To check out some of the other perks of working at SecondMarket, check out our blog ( http://blog.secondmarket.com/ ).	Software Engineer - Ruby on Rails	SecondMarket	New York	NY	New York, NY	SecondMarket	Tue, 03 Nov 2015 10:55:00 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=94080e9e40100b80&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0CWDn8AZi8j03ZX9tBH_yTJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke2b2m18do1m8
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Our focus is on fostering a high performance culture, one that develops a top-notch talent pool with the skills and determination to deliver above and beyond. At KPMG, employees benefit from this approach with the best opportunities to succeed and fulfill their professional aspirations. They do so knowing that they are part of a responsible and positive organizational culture. Our business services groups consist of professionals with a wide range of skills and backgrounds. We are currently seeking a Big Data Senior Software Engineer, to join our Data &amp; Analytics team in our New York office with other locations considered. Responsibilities: Design and develop technology platform on cloud to support big data processing and analysis Manage and maintain application servers for KPMG's production and development environment Research and experiment with emerging technologies and tools related to big data Work closely with Data Scientists and Domain Consultants to understand client needs and expectations Qualifications: Three years of software development experience scaling applications on big data platforms Experience in Java programming and big data background (Hadoop, Hive, Spark, Storm, Mahout, Lucene, MongoDB etc.) as well as familiarity with at least one scripting language such as Ruby or Python Experience with source code management systems such as GIT and/or SVN Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Math, or related fields from an accredited college/university; Master's degree or PhD preferred Able to work efficiently under Unix/Linux environment KPMG offers a comprehensive compensation and benefits package. No phone calls or agencies please. One Firm. One Team. Countless Opportunities. KPMG, an equal opportunity employer/disability/veteran. KPMG maintains a drug-free workplace. KPMG will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable local, state or federal law (including San Francisco Ordinance number 131192).	Big Data Senior Software Engineer	KPMG	New York	NY	New York, NY	KPMG LLP	Fri, 06 Nov 2015 10:21:00 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=cc6e6f57f0ff8c34&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0CWDn8AZi8j03ZX9tBH_yTJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke2b2m18do1m8
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	DigitalOcean’s Storage Team builds and runs cloud-scale distributed storage services powering internal and customer-facing services and products. We’re creating flexible and powerful storage solutions that our customers will leverage to ship their software as quickly and easily as possible. We’re looking for Engineers throughout the backend, from the filesystem and networking layers to end-user API design and implementation. --------------------- What You'll Be Doing: --------------------- First and foremost, working as part of a team shipping powerful storage solutions Evaluating and deploying distributed block and object stores Building orchestration and APIs in front of petabyte-scale storage clusters -------------------------------- What We'll Expect From You: -------------------------------- Experience with at least one of the following language: Go, Ruby, Python, C/C++, Java Working knowledge of the Storage subsystems and the IP stack in Linux Familiarity with distributed systems Passion and experience shipping well-engineered and tested code ------------------------ What We'd Like From You: ------------------------ Experience with distributed file systems such as Ceph, GlusterFS, etc Production experience with Docker and other container technologies Deep understanding of block storage technologies and their integration points with virtualization tools -------------------- Technologies we use: -------------------- Languages like Go, Ruby and C++ Datastores like MySQL, ZooKeeper, Redis, etc Docker, Mesos and other cloud orchestration and deployment tools Configuration management tools such as Chef ------------------------ Working at DigitalOcean: ------------------------ DigitalOcean pays 100% of the premium for health, dental and vision and 50% of the premium for dependents Competitive compensation including a 401k with up to 4% employer match Flexible vacation time Stock options Corporate Seamless account to keep your hunger at bay Monthly commuter expense and gym membership allowance Great office space located in the heart of SoHo 	Software Engineer: Storage	DigitalOcean	New York	NY	New York, NY	DigitalOcean	Fri, 30 Oct 2015 15:14:00 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=30835fcc8f951643&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0CWDn8AZi8j03ZX9tBH_yTJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke2b2m18do1m8
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	RESPONSIBILITIES: Kforce has a client has a client seeking a Junior / Mid Java Software Engineer in New York, New York (NY). This is a great opportunity for someone who has the desire to work with teams that are passionate about lean startup principles, innovation and creating amazing customer experiences. This is a company that is continuously recognized for its world-class products! Responsibilities: Responsible for design, evaluation and implementation of innovative software components for a large scale, fault tolerant and distributed software platform Help the client to implement their next generation audio platform delivering leading edge audio quality to customers using collaboration software as well as the stand-alone audio conferencing service Apply skills and experience in an Agile / Scrum environment, working closely with developers, designers, and product managers Work on cutting edge, cloud based, Software-as-a-Service products for a major player in the software / tech industry Work closely with Architect and Senior Engineers to design and implement a software solution in either Java or C++ (based on background) Work with the Quality Engineering Team to support product validation and deployment to LIVE environment Work with Scrum Master, Product Managers to understand and groom stories based on user requirements REQUIREMENTS: Experience in C++ or Java and one or more scripting languages (e.g., JavaScript, and Python) Experience in UNIX programming Experience in web development (e.g. MVC frameworks, Ajax Frameworks, Java, Spring, Hibernate, HTTP, XML, TCP / IP, JavaScript, and JSP / Servlets) Experience designing and developing APIs and Web Services Knowledge of Object-oriented Programming (OOP); including modular design and development Knowledge of data structures, collections and algorithms and familiarity with Linux based systems Knowledge in networking technologies and multi-threaded programming Knowledge of highly scalable, distributed fault tolerant systems C++ background, knowledge with client-server systems, internet communication protocols and real-time communication protocols (RTP, SIP / SDP, H.323) Understanding of databases, (e.g. NoSQL, SQL, and schema design) Ability to be a self-starter, quick learner and able to thrive in a culturally and technically diverse team environment 	Junior - Mid Java Software Engineer - Known Firm	Kforce	New York	NY	New York, NY	Kforce	Mon, 02 Nov 2015 18:46:20 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=15c13ab918bae64a&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0CWDn8AZi8j03ZX9tBH_yTJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke2b2m18do1m8
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Job Requisition Number: 46933 The Role: The Big Data Services engineering team at Bloomberg is responsible for providing a software platform for hosting large datasets, complete with search, analytics, and real-time pipeline processing capabilities to address the unique challenges of financial markets. We are building large distributed systems that will be the heart of data architecture to serve billions of requests, provide search and analytics across structured, semi-structured and unstructured datasets, and scale out to petabytes while maintaining low latency and availability and immediate discoverability by clients. We are using a number of large distributed computing systems like HBASE, Kafka, Lucene, Solr, HaProxy, in-memory stream processors, etc. We adapt and change many technologies to provide solutions for distributed data storage, synchronization, sub-second latencies, search and discoverability while maintaining fault tolerance and high availability. If solving intricate engineering issues with distributed systems, platform API, real-time big-data pipeline and search and discovery query patterns are your calling, we would like to hear from you. Qualifications: - Expert knowledge of Java and JVM, Python/JavaScript, C and Linux system (5+ years' experience required); you should be capable of programming in compiled and dynamic languages. - You have expertise in data stores (both transactional and non-transactional), and can code in a highly concurrent environment. - You are comfortable with distributed systems, RESTful architectures, and have built scalable, low-latency systems that provide high availability. - Deep knowledge of HBASE, Cassandra, Hadoop Eco-system of technologies is a big plus. - BS/MS in Computer Science/Computer Engineering, Science, Math or equivalent experience. - Deep knowledge of search engines like Apache, Lucene, and Solr is a plus. - Expertise in algorithms, data structures, and graph algorithms is expected. The Company: Bloomberg, the global business and financial information and news leader, gives influential decision makers a critical edge by connecting them to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas. The company's strength - delivering data, news and analytics through innovative technology, quickly and accurately - is at the core of the Bloomberg Professional service, which provides real time financial information to more than 310,000 subscribers globally. Bloomberg's enterprise solutions build on the company's core strength, leveraging technology to allow customers to access, integrate, distribute and manage data and information across organizations more efficiently and effectively. Through Bloomberg Law, Bloomberg Government, Bloomberg New Energy Finance and Bloomberg BNA, the company provides data, news and analytics to decision makers in industries beyond finance. And Bloomberg News, delivered through the Bloomberg Professional service, television, radio, mobile, the Internet and two magazines, Bloomberg Businessweek and Bloomberg Markets, covers the world with more than 2,300 news and multimedia professionals at 146 bureaus in 72 countries. Headquartered in New York, Bloomberg employs more than 15,000 people in 192 locations around the world.	Senior Software Engineer - Big Data Infrastructure Job	Bloomberg	New York	NY	New York, NY	Bloomberg	Sat, 07 Nov 2015 06:19:00 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=d16fe83c2e4af793&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0CWDn8AZi8j03ZX9tBH_yTJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke2b2m18do1m8
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Delivery.com is currently seeking a senior front-end software engineer to join our midtown New York City team. The ideal candidate should be a self-starter with experience in web programming and a passion for building a great user experience. This is an excellent opportunity to work on exciting projects that are vital to the company's expansion. 1) About Delivery.com delivery.com is one of the leading companies on the online delivery market, through our platform people can order online from their favorite local businesses and the ones they’ve yet to discover. With the best restaurants, wine and spirits shops, grocery stores, and laundry and dry cleaning providers. We’re working hard to have every corner of the neighborhood covered. Every day more than one million delivery.com customers order from more than 10,000 local businesses while at home, at work, or on the go. With headquarters in New York and a growing international presence, delivery.com makes e-commerce an integral part of local daily life, helping customers shop, businesses grow, and neighborhoods thrive. By joining delivery.com you will be working on some of the most interesting and challenging tech topics side by side with some of the brightest engineers. 2) Responsibilities Build responsive web applications with scalable and reusable code Interface with customer and internal teams to gather requirements and develop software solutions Develop technical design requirements &amp; estimates See design requirements from concept through to completion (develop, document, test, deploy, and debug) 3) Skills and requirements Must have: 3+ years experience building SPA and scalable web applications Strong knowledge of JavaScript ES5 Strong knowledge of HTML5 &amp; CSS3 Familiar with Agile methodologies Proficient using Git Comfortable coding cross browser (generally IE9 and above) Familiar with best practices for modular and reusable javascript Excellent debugging and troubleshooting skills Bonus: Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or equivalent Familiar with Angular.js or React is a plus PHP/laravel development Node.js development Knowledge in newer Ecmascript standards ES2015 and ES2016 4) The perks Your choice of PC or Mac laptop with 2 external monitors Compensated at market competitive rates Full benefits, including health, dental, 401(k) Video game consoles in the office Kitchen with snacks, coffee, fruits. Free lunch on Friday Employee discount on orders placed through delivery.com	Senior Frontend Software Engineer	delivery.com	New York	NY	New York, NY	Delivery.com	Tue, 27 Oct 2015 06:57:40 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=700a822eef3b4f49&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0CWDn8AZi8j03ZX9tBH_yTJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke2b2m18do1m8
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Build and engineer new and improve existing high throughput, low latency trading computer software ensuring correct and timely operation utilizing knowledge in low level computer architecture, programming languages, algorithm design, data structures and design patterns; analyze statistical properties of low level internal and external data for different instruments and markets, and devise profitable trading algorithms and forecasts using knowledge in machine learning and statistical modeling estimation, research and improve trading strategy risk models, and software for simulating complex trading systems using knowledge in statistical modeling and estimation; develop and engineer custom software for monitoring real-time behavior of trading strategies; devise and develop operational workflow procedures to ensure uninterrupted operation of trading strategies; develop and engineer automated extract/transform/load and validation software for external data required for trading. Minimum education and experience required: Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Financial Engineering, Mathematics or Statistics plus 2 years of experience as a Quantitative Software Developer Minimum Skills Required : Experience using the following special quantitative skills and software technologies: C/C++, Java/JVM, Python, Bash, Version Control, Unix/Linux, Matplotlib, NumPy/SciPy, Pandas, SQL, objective oriented programming principles, optimization techniques, memory hierarchy, CPU architecture, concurrency models, and distributed computing, market microstructure in electronic markets, including knowledge of market data, order entry gateway, and order matching algorithms; machine learning; statistical modeling and estimation; hypothesis testing; mathematical optimization; statistical learning and generalization theory; algorithm design; data structures and creating and operating reliable real time monitoring systems with high throughput and low latency. Must also pass Company’s required skills assessment.	QUANTITATIVE SOFTWARE ENGINEER (MARKET MAKING/INDEX ARBITRAGE)	Two Sigma Investments, LLC.	New York	NY	New York, NY	Two Sigma Investments, LLC.	Mon, 26 Oct 2015 22:26:34 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=6102e99a0c4f254d&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0CWDn8AZi8j03ZX9tBH_yTJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke2b2m18do1m8
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Job Location: Honolulu, HI About the position and responsibilities: Job Description: • Minimum 4 to 5 years of core JAVA development experience as programmer • In addition to JAVA, need strong coding knowledge in JSF, Web services, Tomcat. • Experience working on IceFace framework, crystal report, Apache Velocity and DROOL would be plus. • Strong knowledge on Oracle 11g as backend • Has to be a good team player with good written and verbal communication skills Qualifications Candidates: Must have a Bachelor’s degree Must have a stable career background	Senior Software Engineer - Java Developer	iGate	Iselin	NJ	Iselin, NJ	iGate	Thu, 05 Nov 2015 22:37:11 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=2084232afcf663e8&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0CWDn8AZi8j03ZX9tBH_yTJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke2b2m18do1m8
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Job Summary AMC Health is seeking a Full Stack Software Engineer Lead to join our software engineering team. AMC Health is fundamentally a healthcare solution provider; we leverage cutting edge technology and data to play a positive role in promoting lifestyle and behavior changes by supporting patients on their journey to better health. The Full Stack Software Engineer Lead at AMC Health is responsible for the architecture and design of our core platform, for implementation of highly scalable, fault tolerant, and high performance distributed cloud systems, and for fostering a collaborative environment with fellow engineering and product development professionals. The position reports to AMC Health’s VP of Product Engineering. Technologies and Disciplines Our platform consists of a full stack javascript environment, using a polyglot persistence architecture, and running in a distributed virtual private cloud at AWS. Some of our technologies: Stack: Javascript, MEAN (Mongo, Express, Angular, Node JS) Mobile: Android, iOS, Cordova, webRTC, Bluetooth Data: REST and WebSocket API's talking to Mongo and Cassandra CI/CD: Jenkins, Chef, and AWS OpsWorks Responsibilities Overall solution architecture, data modeling, high level design, low level design and non functional technical requirements Write code, daily, for Node.js persistence layers and web services, and Angular.js single page applications and mobile solutions Solve complex technical, scalability or performance challenges Define and ensure compliance to software engineering standards across the engineering team Evaluate technologies and prototype solutions Mentor other engineers, conduct code and design reviews and be hands on to develop technical products Consume, understand, maintain and enhance the automated software deployment pipeline Work in a fast paced agile environment and be able to take a high level concept and work with different teams to make it a reality Competencies / Requirements Our ideal candidate is highly motivated, with enterprising instincts, and an ownership mentality; Has 8+ years of experience with progressively increasing responsibilities in engineering and architecture with hands on experience in full-stack development, design and architecture; Has a strong foundation in computer science, algorithms, data structures and design patterns; Has top-notch troubleshooting skills and a diagnostic intuition to solve challenging problems; Thrives working with talented teams, seeking to achieve superior results; Has demonstrable versatility in multiple front-end and back-end technologies (Example: Node.js, Java, Spring, AngularJS, CSS3, HTML5, MySQL, NoSQL); Has deep experience in building web services and backend web platforms; Has deep exposure to all aspects of modern web application architectures, visual design, and mobile web development; Has experience configuring web servers (Apache/NGINX), application servers (Tomcat/Express/NodeJS), and common server components utilized for NodeJS web software development; Understands and embraces the value of automated software deployment and release automation; Has experience in contributing to open-source projects; Has a BS degree or equivalent in Computer Science or related fields, or commensurate training and real-world experience. Job Type: Full-time Required experience: Production-level Node.JS development: 2 years Required education: Bachelor's 	Full Stack Software Engineer - Lead	AMC Health	New York	NY	New York, NY	Indeed	Wed, 28 Oct 2015 16:17:06 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=60b63b6dd5ec061d&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0CWDn8AZi8j03ZX9tBH_yTJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke2b2m18do1m8
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	About Parabit - With its Headquarters located on the south shore of Nassau County, Parabit Systems is a well established company that is rapidly expanding into additional key markets. Since 1995, Parabit has developed into a leading manufacturer and dealer of ATM Card Access Control, Kiosks, Hot Dial, Autodial and Speed Dial Vandal Resistant Telephones and CCTV/IP Camera, DVR and NVR equipment and Digital Signage. Parabit also designs, fabricates and installs many displays and enclosures with integrated technology. JOB SUMMARY: Designs, develops, documents and tests all Software, Firmware and Circuit Boards. Maintain usability of current and new compilers, software and staff/subcontractor selection. Provide documentation, implementation and support on all Software, Firmware and Circuit Board Designs. ESSENTIAL DAILY FUNCTIONS: *Establish and maintain engineering policies, standards, practices and security measures to ensure effective and consistent and secure department operation. *Design, develop, test, document and train on developed software and hardware. *Research and evaluate test and assembly equipment and tools for Engineering and Electronic Assembly departments. *Manage Hardware and Software Engineer subcontractors. *Design, assemble, configure and maintain trade show/presentation hardware/software demos. *Perform technical product and service demonstrations. *Interact with a cross-disciplinary engineering team (mechanical, electrical, software, imaging) to review, define, and design integrated system solutions to meet requirements of worldwide customers *Interact with sales team, assisting with system proposals and scope review (software requirements analysis, design, etc.) *Provide monthly and project-to-date labor hours required on the software and hardware development. *Manage staffing requirements. Planning and Review Functions: *Continuously improve product reliability through the development of procedures that reduce failures and provide for improved software and hardware operation. *Provide monthly and end of project reporting on all software and hardware engineering. *Manage and review staff and subcontractors proportional to project demand. *Conduct annual and periodic self and company written evaluations on all staff and subcontractors. *Research and Manage reductions in cost and product lead times. *Establish and implement department operational and quality improvement programs. Job Performance Measurement: *Maintain a work schedule that provides oversight of staff and performance of job duties / timelines. *On-time management of assigned tasks and job responsibilities. *Prompt and professional response/resolution of client issues and employee technical needs. *Uptime performance of software and hardware, including management of upgrade requirements. *On-time documentation and reporting on all; design, development, testing, documentation and support functions of all software and hardware projects. *Professional conduct and attire. Education and Experience: *Computer Science and/or Electrical Engineering Bachelors Degree *10 years experience in Software, Firmware and Analog and Digital Circuit Board development *Experience in Visual Basic dot Net application design *Experience with integrating APIs for new hardware devices into existing software *Flowchart, Gant Chart and Time Tracking Software *Familiarity with Digital Imaging related software development *Technical Presentation and Training experience *Project cost tracking and reporting experience *Support contract proposal and agreement review and negotiation *Software Development Documentation and User Manual experience *IOS Objective C *Android Mobile application development Java, C++, Python *Languages: C/C++, .NET environment, C#, Visual Basic, WPF for desktop platforms *Platform: Windows *Development Tools: Visual Studio *Databases: SQL Server We offer competitive pay and benefits. The successful candidate will have several years of manual and/or computerized equipment operation experience. All employment candidates must pass a NON-DOT Drug screening and background check prior to employment. Please submit your resume via email, no phone calls please. We are only considering local applicants at this time. Job Type: Full-time Local candidates only: Roosevelt, NY Required experience: Experience in Software, Firmware and Analog and Digital Circuit Board development: 10 years Required education: Bachelor's 	Software-Hardware Engineer Manager	Parabit Systems	Roosevelt	NY	Roosevelt, NY	Indeed	Fri, 16 Oct 2015 15:34:00 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=0360ec7ec437c4d9&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1UTvx8f1N_iPvqyfuzwgf9JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke2ebv1a1566j
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	The Company Bonobos is (proudly) the largest born-on-the-Internet men's apparel company in the US and we're (humbly) seeking to reinvent the traditional eCommerce experience. Let's face it, not much has changed since Zappos introduced free two-way shipping and unlimited returns. To achieve our mission, we're turning to open source technology (this awesome thing called, Spree), re-platforming our site (hello, single-page backbone app) and more. We'd love to have your help. The Job We're first and foremost an apparel company. But you'll quickly discover that not much happens here without touching Engineering. Whether helping our internal tools create a better system for our Customer Service Ninjas to assist our customers, improving the speed of our check-out flow or working on the front-end to create an even more eye-catching experience, Engineering helps drive the business here. And with plenty of projects coming down the pipeline, there are exciting challenges abound, like new technology for our Guideshops and on-going work with our Product team to figure out what works and what doesn't. We get to the best technical solutions by discussing complex questions as a team. We don’t hesitate to change our approach when we hear a better idea. All new code is reviewed by another set of eyes so that we can improve it through constructive feedback. Our Stack Our back-end is built with Spree ( https://github.com/spree/spree ), a Ruby-on-Rails-based open-source eCommerce platform. Our front-end is a single-page Javascript app built with Backbone, Jade, Stylus and Gulp. The two communicate using Spree’s JSON API. We use PostgreSQL and are hosted on AWS. You Have at least 2-5 years of professional experience, ideally (but by no means absolutely) on a growing consumer-facing app Don't consider yourself a "Rails" Developer, a "Python" Developer etc...you know the fundamentals and you're comfortable working in a variety of languages Like the idea of small team where you work on both front- and back-end code Are excited by how open source technology can improve a tech stack Are ready to be a positive force on a growing team What you get in return A collaborative &amp; close-knit team: our team is NYC-based and in the office because as great as technology is, there are few substitutes for in-person collaboration A team that takes pride in our work and shares responsibility to see it through from conception to deployment to fixing bugs Top of the line equipment: your choice of hardware, standing desks, two 27" monitors, and more A competitive comp and benefits package, including equity An environment that values honesty, transparency and respect Random acts of team-wide fun including bar nights, book club and Camp Bonobos 	Software Engineer	Bonobos	New York	NY	New York, NY	Bonobos	Wed, 28 Oct 2015 21:14:00 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=2f3587be55a8516a&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1UTvx8f1N_iPvqyfuzwgf9JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke2ebv1a1566j
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Responsibilities ---------------- Work with world class editors, and infrastructure engineers to maintain and create the next generation of HuffPost's backend systems and services Build efficient, reusable and highly scalable service oriented architecture and APIs Identify and address performance bottlenecks Participate in design and code reviews Stay up-to-date on the innovations in Internet software and technology Ensure HuffPost takes advantage of the best practices for backend engineering Responsibilities ---------------- Work with world class editors, and infrastructure engineers to maintain and create the next generation of HuffPost's backend systems and services Build efficient, reusable and highly scalable service oriented architecture and APIs Identify and address performance bottlenecks Participate in design and code reviews Stay up-to-date on the innovations in Internet software and technology Ensure HuffPost takes advantage of the best practices for backend engineering 	Sr. Software Engineer, The Huffington Post	AOL	New York	NY	New York, NY	AOL	Wed, 04 Nov 2015 23:21:00 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=651d7848bce74083&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1UTvx8f1N_iPvqyfuzwgf9JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke2ebv1a1566j
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	The Mainframe Software Services Engineer will be responsible for programming projects and QA work within the System z (IBM mainframe) Software Services group. Programming projects include a variety of assignments ranging from mainframe to open systems and Splunk platforms using C, REXX, SAS, assembler, Splunk. QA work involves creating, running, managing tests for the Syncsort mainframe products. This position will report to the Director of Software Services. Qualifications / Key Skills 4 year BS or MS with 1-3 years related work experience Knowledge of mainframe JCL and IBM utilities such as IEBCOPY, IEBGENER Programming experience on mainframe – REXX, C, COBOL, assembler, SAS, CLISTs Knowledge of SMP/E, MCS, JCLIN would be a plus Experience with DB2, IMS, JAVA, SQL would be a plus Enthusiasm to work in a fast-paced, demanding business environment while collaborating effectively with cross-functional groups, management, and sales teams Interest in improving the reliability of software products through the testing process **Candidate must be available to work onsite in Woodcliff Lake, NJ daily**	Mainframe Software Services Engineer	Syncsort	Woodcliff Lake	NJ	Woodcliff Lake, NJ	Bessemer Venture Partners	Tue, 27 Oct 2015 08:43:09 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=12ab2cc062ada410&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1UTvx8f1N_iPvqyfuzwgf9JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke2ebv1a1566j
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	At Feedzai testing is one of the key elements for producing top quality software. In order to that we are always trying to break our own code. A Software Development Engineer in Test (SDET) is included in the planning of our features and works directly with the developers in order to deliver world class quality software. This individual will be responsible for testing server to server integration (via network or file) and simulating various types of requests and data feeds. This person will also be responsible for reliability testing which includes bringing servers down and up and checking how the system responds to failure. This individual will be developing automated tests for this work so that when a new version of the project code or the product is available we can re-run the tests and be assured previous functionality is not broken. This position is part of our Client Delivery Team. Our Client Delivery Team spends time on client location which requires up to 50% of time traveling. Our Client Delivery Team will be working on new challenges for every client. This requires an engineer who loves finding unique solutions for each of our clients. Requirements Qualifications: Test Automation for server to server integration Test Automation for reliability testing Excellent coding skills in Java Good scripting skills in at least one common language (Python, Bash) Proficient in a UNIX/Linux environment Highly proficient in build and code quality tools (Maven, Hudson/Jenkins, Sonar) Preferable: MSc in Computer Science Work with the development and test engineering teams to automate testing Conduct research on emerging technologies Analyze and decompose complicated software system and design a strategy to test the system Build advanced and automated test suites to exercise our products Benefits Benefits include: Competitive salary Possible stock options Possible bonus opportunity Paid time off Sick Time Medical, Vision, and Dental Paid travel to client locations High impact with a small but growing team Feedzai is an Equal Opportunity Employer Feedzai does not accept unsolicited resumes from recruiters or employment agencies. Feedzai will not agree to payment of any referral compensation or recruiter fee without a signed service agreement. In the event a recruiter or agency submits a resume or candidate without a previously signed agreement, Feedzai explicitly reserves the right to pursue and hire those candidate(s) without any financial obligation to the recruiter or agency.	Software Development Engineer in Test	Feedzai	New York	NY	New York, NY	Feedzai	Sat, 24 Oct 2015 10:09:15 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=be3c67fd0e3d600a&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1UTvx8f1N_iPvqyfuzwgf9JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke2ebv1a1566j
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	KPMG is proud to foster a high-performance culture, one that's defined by having the best people, with the skills and determination to deliver above and beyond. We look for insightful and astute professionals who are also forward-thinking, confident, and globally minded. Our business services groups consist of professionals with a wide range of skills and backgrounds. We are currently seeking a Senior Data Visualization Software Engineer, to join our New York City office, other offices will be considered. Responsibilities: Work in cross-disciplinary teams with KPMG industry experts, data scientists, and software engineers to gauge client needs for consuming analytics, understand user profiles, competencies, and priorities Utilize analytics to explore data, and identify key trends and insights from multi-faceted, and high-dimensional data, and work with data scientists to create diagnostic, predictive, and prescriptive insights Rapidly iterate, prototype, and implement visualizations that meet client visualization needs, considering composition, color, texture, and optimizing the depth and information density for the target user Utilize interactive drill-downs, movements, and highlights to add layers of insight, and engage users to explore data Explore a variety of visualization methodologies, from Data Discovery (such as Tableau, Qlikview), custom javascript methods (such as d3.js, raphael.js), and multichannel/mobile deployment Qualifications: Bachelor's degree from an accredited college or university in Information Design, Interaction Design, User Experience, Human Computer Interaction, Informatics, Data Science, Computer Science or a similar field with five years of experience; or a Master's degree or PhD with two years of experience Solid analytical skills and basic understanding of statistical and machine learning models. Ability to perform data tasks, working with a variety of SQL, NoSQL, and HDFS data stores, and preparing data for visualization Solid understanding of visual composition and visualizations; familiarity with ethnographic research preferred Experience with one or more of the following: data discovery software (such as Tableau or Qlikview), web-based visualization (d3.js, raphael.js) or Javascript/Python visualization methods KPMG offers a comprehensive compensation and benefits package. No phone calls or agencies please. One Firm. One Team. Countless Opportunities. KPMG, an equal opportunity employer/disability/veteran. KPMG maintains a drug-free workplace. KPMG will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable local, state or federal law (including San Francisco Ordinance number 131192).	Senior Data Visualization Software Engineer	KPMG	New York	NY	New York, NY	KPMG LLP	Thu, 05 Nov 2015 09:19:19 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=da857aec78f735a5&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1UTvx8f1N_iPvqyfuzwgf9JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke2ebv1a1566j
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	A growing Chicago based proprietary trading firm, is seeking to add Software Engineers to its new New York office to research, design and develop computer software for our trading teams. Responsibilities include designing and implementing new product features, producing design documents and materials, developing test scenarios, analyzing designs and coding for errors and efficiency. The ideal candidate is able to perform independently as well as part of a team, show critical thinking and be humble in their approach to problem solving. This position will require excellent communication skills as developers interact with both their immediate team and traders alike. Qualifications: -C++ as a core proficiency -C# is a plus -The ability to transition between programming languages on an as needed basis and demonstrate excellence throughout -Excellent communication skills and a work ethic that thrives both independently and within a team -Bachelor's Degree from a 4-year university -Computer Science, Electrical Engineering or related technical field -Strong GPA (3.5 or higher) Required Experience: -2+ years of experience in software development (university class or work experience) -Experience in the development of multithreaded and near real time applications -Familiarity with the financial services industry -C# and the .NET framework a plus Jobs, C++ Software Engineer, Multi-threading, Trading, Illinois Recruiters, Information Technology Jobs, IT Jobs, Recruiting	C++ Software Engineer	GinasTechJobs.com	New York	NY	New York, NY	GinasTechJobs.com	Thu, 05 Nov 2015 00:25:31 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=454b57c932bd679e&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1UTvx8f1N_iPvqyfuzwgf9JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke2ebv1a1566j
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Huge has created some of the world's most influential digital experiences - on the web, iOS, Android, Xbox, in-store devices and more. We are looking for great and passionate Quality Assurance professionals who are interested in learning new stuff every day. Our products and clients are as diverse as the tools we are using. You should be a generalist and problem solver who likes challenge and is comfortable working in a dynamic environment. Having an entrepreneurial spirit is as important as being a team member. You should not be afraid of wearing multiple hats. Huge is a very collaborative environment where cross-functional teams work closely together in order to get things done. We like an ego-free environment where your talent matters not your title and believe that a big idea can come from anyone and anywhere. We love to iterate and make things better over time. Having decent processes in place and knowing how to deliver software is important. Lean principles, sapient testing techniques, automation and continuous delivery matter to us. We are looking for someone who gets equally excited about those things and knows about agile best practices. You will be able to work in a variety of client settings and platforms and collaborate in a smart environment where you can bring in your ideas. There is plenty of room to grow at Huge. We are looking forward to hearing from you! We’d like to see: ----------------------- Ability to manually test websites, mobile apps and other devices driven software using exploratory testing techniques. Experience with Accessibility, Security, Performance and Automated testing. Proven ability to create automated tests in BDD frameworks such as Cucumber, Rspec, SpecFlow, Behat as well as Selenium Web Driver Proficiency in test architecture, design and implementation with experience in shipping large scale services and developing or testing commercial software Excellent ability to creatively and collaboratively design and write clean code in languages such as Java, Ruby, Python and C#. Proficiency with iterative development methodologies, such as Lean, Kanban, Agile and/or Scrum. Able to evangelize modern Agile testing techniques for a large scale Scrum environment. A leader with excellent interpersonal, communication and cross-group collaboration skills and a track record of applying creativity and innovation to the test domain. Excellent problem solving skills, a love for technical challenges, and a willingness to learn. Excellent verbal and professional writing skills. Familiarity with Jira, PivotalTracker, Git, Selenium Web Driver, TestNG, Spring, Cucumber, Apache Maven, sitespeed.io, JMeter and Jenkins. Huge is an equal opportunity employer (EOE). We strongly support diversity in the workforce. #LI-SM1	Senior Software Engineer in Test	Huge	New York	NY	New York, NY	Huge	Fri, 06 Nov 2015 22:37:00 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=625b48e2d745e3af&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1UTvx8f1N_iPvqyfuzwgf9JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke2ebv1a1566j
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Global Leading Financial Services Firm/Hedge Funds New York, New York Circa $90,000-$140,000 +Bonus &amp; Full Benefits Skills: C++,Java,C#,Python Our clients are currently looking to bring on recent PHD graduates as well as candidates with 2-4 years of professional experience to fill their numerous openings that they are looking to fill. If you are a strong programmer with 2-4 years of professional experience looking to join a world class firm this is the perfefect opportunity for you. The ideal candidates will come from a PHD background using C++,Java,C#, or Python. Our clients are looking to bring on candidates as soon as possible as they are business critical hires. They include Tier 1 investment banks, Hedge funds, Trading Firms, and Software Vendors. Key Responsibilities for Software Engineer/Quantitative Engineer: PHD or Masters Degree 2-4 years of professional experience Good communication skills Proficiency with C++,Python,Java, or PYTHON If you are coming from a strong programming or educational background and are looking to join a world class financial services firm respond to this posting with your most up to date resume or email us at tech [dot] nyc [at] selbyjennings [dot] com.	PHD Software Engineers/Quantitative Engineers	Selby Jennings	New York	NY	New York, NY	Selby Jennings	Fri, 06 Nov 2015 22:53:53 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=a5871ca137240a15&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1UTvx8f1N_iPvqyfuzwgf9JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke2ebv1a1566j
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	MLB Advanced Media is MLB.com (The Official Site of Major League Baseball), the 30 MLB club websites, and many other highly visible and well trafficked partner properties. Since Opening Day 2001, we've been one of the largest and arguably most successful NYC-based tech/media start-ups. Our development cycle is extremely fast and it is common to have your code in production only a few days after being written. As a Web Video Software Engineer, you will deliver the most sought-after live and on-demand video content on the web. As a member of the Web Media Team, you will build, maintain, and customize the web media player platform used for delivery of subscription-based and non-subscription video content. You'll work on a team of like-minded developers alongside systems and services engineers, product developers, visual designers, and project managers. You are highly proficient in web video delivery across web browsers (desktop, tablet, phone) and web video client-side technologies (ActionScript and/or HTML, CSS, and JavaScript). Moreover, you appreciate the details that make a user experience exceptional and demonstrate enthusiasm for new technologies, languages, frameworks, and platforms. This position is located in Chelsea Market, New York, NY. We truly believe we offer a unique opportunity for any technologist: The opportunity to work on a bleeding edge technology stack The opportunity to work with a world-class team of Engineers The opportunity to work on award-winning and complex apps and systems The opportunity to have an influence on the innovation of products used globally by millions The opportunity to work in a highly collaborative team environment Amazing benefits including: Competitive salary with potential yearly bonus Up to 100% employer-paid Medical, Dental, and Vision Paid vacation, personal, and sick days Commuter benefits And more! Responsibilities: Implement and maintain video playback components and modules in ActionScript 3 and/or JavaScript Implement web interfaces and applications using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript. Rapidly prototype and implement scalable, reliable, and maintainable web applications using HTML5 technologies. Enforce code quality through test driven development. Collaborate closely with other engineering, product, and marketing teams to define product requirements. Distill product requirements into design and technical specifications. Toolset: AS3 Dev IDE – IntelliJ or Flash Builder JS IDE (Sublime Text, IntelliJ/WebStorm, etc.) Github Enterprise – repository Bower - javascript package manager Grunt - javascript task runner Jenkins - continuous integration server Confluence - wiki collaboration JIRA - issue tracking HipChat - chat collaboration AWS Requirements: Experience web video delivery best practices for desktop and mobile platforms Experience with audio &amp; video streaming technologies including but not limited to: HTTP Live Streaming (HLS), Streaming Media Servers and Adobe Flash Player Familiarity with some or all of the following: Flash Video, HTML5 Video, Progressive playback, HLS, HDS, MP4, MPEG-DASH, RTMP, DVR, Trick Play, DRM, Social Media Video Sharing and Agile methodologies 3+ years experience building compelling web applications. Strong interest in product and user interface design. Significant experience developing web applications using HTML5, especially Javascript. Computer science/engineering degree --or-- equivalent experience is preferred. Server-side scripting in Node and/or Groovy is a huge plus. Adobe PSDK/TVSDK experience is a plus	Software Engineer, Web Video Specialist	MLB Advanced Media	New York	NY	New York, NY	MLB Advanced Media	Fri, 23 Oct 2015 18:46:38 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=639a9c7d8948a1f9&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1UTvx8f1N_iPvqyfuzwgf9JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke2ebv1a1566j
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	We are seeking outstanding Scala and Java software developers to integrate our SaaS product into our client's software and systems. High-scalability, fault-tolerance, low-latency, and efficient algorithms are keystones of the work you will be asked to perform on a daily basis. This position is part of our Client Delivery Team. Our Client Delivery Team spends time on client location which requires up to 50% of time traveling. Our Client Delivery Team will be working on new challenges for every client. This requires an engineer who loves finding unique solutions for each of our clients. Experience in writing high-performance code (Java and/or Scala), concurrent and distributed algorithms is required. Experience with Akka, Hadoop, Relational &amp; No-SQL databases (Cassandra, HBASE) and related technologies is also highly recommended. Main Responsibilities: Integrate our solution into the client’s software and systems Develop custom solutions at the client’s request Design &amp; implement our back-end architecture, from the data layer, to service orchestration. Work on automated deployment as well as distributed logging and analytics so that we can be on top of things. Requirements Qualifications: Expert knowledge in programming high-performance, concurrent and distributed algorithms, and server-side code in Scala and/or Java. Experience with modern distributed systems platforms such as Akka, ZeroMQ, Kafka, Storm Experience with SQL and NoSQL databases and distributed computing platforms (such as Hadoop) is valued. Contributions to OSS projects are highly valued. Benefits Benefits include: Competitive salary Possible stock options Possible bonus opportunity Paid time off Sick Time Medical, Vision, and Dental Paid travel to client locations High impact with a small but growing team Feedzai is an Equal Opportunity Employer Feedzai does not accept unsolicited resumes from recruiters or employment agencies. Feedzai will not agree to payment of any referral compensation or recruiter fee without a signed service agreement. In the event a recruiter or agency submits a resume or candidate without a previously signed agreement, Feedzai explicitly reserves the right to pursue and hire those candidate(s) without any financial obligation to the recruiter or agency.	Software Engineer	Feedzai	New York	NY	New York, NY	Feedzai	Sat, 24 Oct 2015 10:16:04 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=7cc95584cdf727be&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1UTvx8f1N_iPvqyfuzwgf9JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke2ebv1a1566j
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Vine is the best way to see and share life in motion. We’re building services to help people come together in a new and profound way. We genuinely love what we do and are looking for others who share this passion. Vine is seeking a Software Engineer to join our growing team in NYC. Responsibilities Design and implement new features for the Vine API, website, and administrative tools Write well documented and tested python code Perform load testing to ensure that new designs can scale Work with operations to make sure that software is running optimally in production Participate in the on-call rotation for production systems Address software quality issues as they arise Contribute ideas for new features and identify areas for improvement proactively Qualifications 3+ years of industry experience at a large-scale internet service B.S. in computer science (or comparable) Fluency in Python, Java, C++, or similar (Python strongly preferred) Solid foundation in data structures, algorithms and complexity analysis Experience with distributed caching techniques Experience with Linux/Unix/BSD Production experience with relational databases (we use MySQL) Comfortable working in a small, high-growth, and fast paced development environment Desired Experience with AWS A working knowledge of Scala Active user of Vine and Twitter 	Software Engineer, API	Vine	New York	NY	New York, NY	Vine	Mon, 26 Oct 2015 22:37:29 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=d0bce9c07103354a&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1UTvx8f1N_iPvqyfuzwgf9JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke2ebv1a1566j
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Job Location: Stow, MA About the position and responsibilities: Job Description: Responsibilities: • Participating member of a scrum team responsible for building Test and Production environments using public cloud service (AWS) as well as developing automated procedures to build and deploy the environments and applications • Monitor, maintain and improve current Production and test infrastructure • Improve how we monitor systems to ensure that all vital services are monitored and alerts are actionable • Able to build and automate Logging tools like ELK • Design and assist in building new capability architecture • Provide a deep understanding of RHEL, Cloud Services, Virtualization, Clusters, Automation, scaling, and more • Share Knowledge and mentor current team members Required Demonstrable Skills: • Highly experienced with configuration management tool (desired 2- 5 years of experience) • Experience with Cloud services ,Amazon AWS is highly desired • Experience with GIT version control system • Experience with Red Hat Enterprise Linux platform (RHEL) or derivative distributions of Linux • Excellent scripting skills in bash, ruby • Experience with J2EE environments running in High Availability configurations. Thorough understanding of the entire Web Technology Stack • Experience with monitoring and alerting tools like Nagios, Sensu or DataDog • Expert understanding of Virtualization, Clusters, Scalability, and the like • Experience with build and release process • Continuous improvement on current processes Team player, willingness to learn new tools and work in scrum environment Nice to Have: • Familiarity with HTTP and RESTful services • Experience with relational and NoSQL database technologies such as MySQL, Cassandra ,Mongo DB • Experience with rapid release software development practices (Agile/Scrum) Qualifications Candidates: Must have a Bachelor’s degree Must have a stable career background	Senior Software Engineer - Build and Release	iGate	Iselin	NJ	Iselin, NJ	iGate	Tue, 03 Nov 2015 22:33:27 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=3d0b73cd90d21f64&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1UTvx8f1N_iPvqyfuzwgf9JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke2ebv1a1566j
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Software Engineer Location: Warren, NJ Length: 6 month + Req #: 59225 Design and code from specifications, analyzes, evaluates, tests, debugs, documents, and implements complex software apps Uses coding methods in specific programming languages to initiate or enhance program execution and functionality Participate in the evaluation, recommendation, and selection of hardware and software solutions Perform project management of estimating, scheduling, and monitoring tasks Performs expert-level engineering tasks associated with the analysis, design, and development of computer hardware, firmware, embedded systems, and/or operating systems Develop, maintain, and report intranet metrics Interface with different departments within the organization regarding new deployments Manage, administer, and maintain all internet and intranet sites Research/analyze data processing functions, methods and procedures Monitor program execution for expected performance Requires a bachelor's degree in area of specialty and at least 8-10 years of experience in the field or in a related area 8+ years experience with IIS 8 + years Experience in Windows System Administration and Active Directory 8+ years front-end integration experience working with development teams on the deployment of web based applications (Java, JEE) Strong expertise in following technologies: Java, JEE, MQ, REST web services, Spring, Scala, Cassandra Manager is looking for strong Cassandra and Scala, able to set up interviews immediately	Software Engineer/Cassandra	Trident Technical Solutions, LLC	Township of Warren	NJ	Township of Warren, NJ	Trident Technical Solutions, LLC	Wed, 28 Oct 2015 04:07:43 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=5e86eb56294c7c4a&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1UTvx8f1N_iPvqyfuzwgf9JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke2ebv1a1566j
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	OPPORTUNITY Pager is a rapidly growing NYC health-tech startup looking for a Data Analyst to build Pager's systems that will enable better and faster, data-informed decisions for patient care. The Data Analyst will guarantee that metrics are being properly tracked, while interacting with business stakeholders and data scientists to create and automate the analytics and reports required to move our business forward. The ideal candidate doesn't shy away from a programming challenge and has knack for providing answers to tricky business questions. RESPONSIBILITIES Work with data producers, internal analysts, and decision makers across the company to provide extraordinary data analytical opportunities Analyze broad data sets and provide actionable insights to better inform business decisions for marketing, operations and finance Participate as a member of interdisciplinary squads that includes data scientists, software developers and business leaders Develop and maintain automated dashboards, metric reports and data visualizations for the broader business and marketing teams Maintain and re-engineer existing ETLs to increase data accuracy, data stability and pipeline performance Collaborate closely with both engineers and business stakeholders to guarantee proper implementation of tracking and reporting TECHNOLOGIES WE USE Data Analysis Python, R, SQL Proficiency in javascript (node.js, angular.js) Postgres and AWS d3.js, leaftlet.js Platform: bash/zsh Docker node.js, mongoDB, redis, socket.io, rabbitmq Continuous integration, BDD testing and testing frameworks (mocha, chai) REQUIREMENTS Excellent communication skills, particularly when explaining technical matters to less technical teammates BA/BS degree, preferably in a technical field (Computational Engineering, Applied Mathematics or others) or equivalent practical experience Demonstrable experience working in marketing, business or finance analytics Good knowledge of relational databases and SQL. Postgres is a plus Familiarity with a computational statistics language (R, Python, Julia) Familiarity with javascript visualization libraries (d3.js, leaflet.js) Comfortable extracting, transforming and visualizing data Comfort working with large datasets and solving ambiguous problems Excellent attention to detail and strong strategic mindset SOME PROJECTS YOU WILL WORK ON Build internal tools such as decision making dashboards for different business units Gather requirements and identify the most relevant business questions from different stakeholders Metrics tracking, KPI design, execution and reporting NICE-TO-HAVES Experience with ETL management and design of analytics databases from multiple input sources. Security and/o having worked in a regulated industry. Experience with R or other statistical analytics tools Experience with MySQL / Hive / Vertica Experience with data analysis and data science programing languages (e.g. Python, R, Julia) Experience with data visualization technology (e.g. Tableau) Experience with data ingestion &amp; pipeline management Familiarity with Linux/OS X command line, version control software (git), and general software development CANDIDATE PROFILE Ability to integrate concepts and methodologies into concrete product implementations Ability to move at hyper-startup-speed in a high-energy environment with high expectations Ability to work independently and quickly, but cares about precision and details, doing whatever it takes to get the job done Ability to work with remote teams Ability to interact closely with business stakeholders; find the right questions to ask and provide concrete answers to business question Ability to estimate, plan and prioritize own design and production work ABOUT PAGER Pager is a newly launched, up-and-coming NYC health-tech start-up reinventing the traditional doctor house call with a location-based mobile marketplace. Through Pager, users can save time finding a reputable doctor, waiting for a scheduled appointment, and tackling the crowded emergency room. Doctors on the Pager network treat a wide variety of primary and urgent care issues, all in the patient’s home, office, or hotel. Check out our recent press in the Wall Street Journal, Huffington Post, and USA Today. Download our iPhone app at www.pager.com/download Learn more at www.pager.com OUR TEAM Founded by an experienced team of serial entrepreneurs from successful start-ups (Uber, Teladoc, Gilt, One Medical Group, Buzzfeed), we are passionate about improving access to high quality and personal health care. From long days of perfecting a great product to long nights of happy hours and group dinners, we are looking for someone smart, energetic, and fun to join our tight-knit and growing team. A passion for health care is not necessary to apply; however, a passion for improving the lives of people and living a better life through technology is a must. At Pager, we value diversity and always treat all employees and job applicants based on merit, qualifications, competence, and talent. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.	Software Engineer, Data	Pager	New York	NY	New York, NY	Pager	Thu, 29 Oct 2015 11:52:45 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=f7e053e13de6898b&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1UTvx8f1N_iPvqyfuzwgf9JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke2ebv1a1566j
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	A vacancy exists for a strong Java developer within the FXIP team in American Express, New York. The successful candidate will join an existing agile development team building an exciting transformation financial platform involving both green field and brownfield development. The team is relatively new and the codebase growing quickly so this position suits someone who can hit the ground running, form good working relationships quickly and also add value by introducing best practice design and techniques learned elsewhere. The successful candidate will join newly forming agile team of 10-15 people, and contribute as a senior member of the development team. The team is lead by an experienced technical leadership group. Responsibilities Deliver business value based on agile best practices. Work in one of the development teams to ensure software is designed &amp; developed correctly &amp; continually and automatically validated, and tested throughout the development lifecycle. Take part in the team’s ownership of the development code, process &amp; change lifecycle, ensuring the platform is well maintained, issues are quickly resolved, and that its capabilities are continuously improved by the team as a whole through a consistent agile approach. Liaison with QA, Support, and other teams involved with testing, deploying, and maintaining environment applications, infrastructure and releases. Help the team troubleshoot and resolve issues with design &amp; implementation of new features. Offer of employment with American Express is conditioned upon the successful completion of a background verification check, subject to applicable laws and regulations. Qualifications · Minimum 5 years experience as a Java JEE programmer · Previous experience working on green-field applications; confident self-starter Good knowledge of core Java &amp; JEE, including Struts, Hibernate, Spring, SpringMVC, Junit, mocking (JMock/Mokito), Jax RS, Jackson, Jetty, WebSphere, Cucumber · Highly desirable: JMS, WMQ, Domain Driven Design (DDD), REST · Must have experience with Agile / eXtreme Programming project methodology and development teams. · Experience of using the Atlassian product suite is preferable (e.g. Rally, Mingle) or other Agile requirements management tools (e.g. Jira/Greenhopper). · Excellent spoken and written English, clear oral communication skills. · Must be willing and able to express new ideas, concerns and opinions directly to wider team in team meetings via teleconference. · Attention to detail and accuracy are essential. · Must be pro-active, enthusiastic, flexible, and results driven. Educational requirement : Bachelor's or Master's degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, other technical discipline or equivalent experience Preferred Additional : Experience in working with colleagues in other locations, especially offshore development colleagues in India &amp; UK Previous experience in a financial environment (especially Foreign exchange &amp; international payments) is preferable, although not essential American Express is an equal opportunity employer and makes employment decisions without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, disability status, or any other status protected by law. Click here to view the "EEO is the Law" poster. ReqID: 15017854	Software Engineer - Java	American Express	New York	NY	New York, NY	American Express	Tue, 27 Oct 2015 16:37:27 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=678695c941e94e28&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1UTvx8f1N_iPvqyfuzwgf9JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke2ebv1a1566j
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Job Purpose: We are looking for experienced software developers who can build and support the growing footprint of functionality and customers on the GT Nexus Network. We want clever, innovative, senior developers that can work with complex systems, large codebases and real world deadlines. If you are the type of person who enjoys programming and are passionate about clean code and sound designs, we definitely want to speak to you. We hire great people who are passionate about software development with the right blend of pragmatism and idealism in software design. Our business model, international customer base and growth pace require our team to tackle challenging functional and technical problems. Members of our team are bright, have good communications and design skills, are unusually capable programmers, and are most of all highly enthusiastic. Our environment is creative, fast paced, flexible, fun, and challenging. We use Java and JavaScript as our primary languages, but welcome polyglots. Job Responsibilities: Develop and support GT Nexus' hosted solutions Work with Product and Professional Services teams to translate business requirements into both short-term solutions and long term products Maintain existing GT Nexus software products Analyze and tune performance of GT Nexus applications Qualifications: BS/MS in CS/EE (or equivalent experience) 5+ years of software development experience Proficient in Java and J2EE technologies Knowledge of HTML and JavaScript Well versed in SQL and experience with RDBMS like SQL Server, Oracle Excellent communication and interpersonal skills Supply chain or Supply Chain Finance business domain experience is a plus	Senior Software Engineer	GT Nexus, Inc.	New York	NY	New York, NY	GT Nexus, Inc.	Wed, 04 Nov 2015 06:33:19 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=733030353f8bda93&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1UTvx8f1N_iPvqyfuzwgf9JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke2ebv1a1566j
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Montefiore IT is growing and our Business and Financial Systems department is seeking a Senior Software Engineer. Responsibilities: Analysis – Analyze complex business problems and provide various technical solution options with clear risk and impact; Work independently to provide technical expertise in identifying, evaluating, and developing systems and procedures that meet user requirements for both new and existing applications/systems; Communicate issues/risks at a level that enables management to make informed decisions Design – Define an overall design plan that can be split for tactical and strategic delivery, while still seeking to improve efficiency and maintain a level of quality up to the department standards; Lead design review sessions Development – Use programming languages and technologies to develop and write applications with minimal oversight; Unit test and participate in code reviews Troubleshooting – Support applications, including analysis, tuning, optimization, and ad hoc workarounds for production applications and reporting projects Team Support – Work with Business Analysts to gather requirements from clients and end-users; participate in QA test planning including load and regression testing Documentation – Document new and existing applications, and data flows; Provide clear deployment instructions and application/system support information Leadership – Lead other software engineers in completing project deliverables; Serve as a liaison between team management and software engineers for projects; Mentor and provide guidance to software engineers Required: 7+ years’ experience working with SQL Server 2005/2008 and T-SQL Excellent database skills including strong SQL, plus strong data analysis and data manipulation skills Demonstrated experience in designing databases schemas Experience creating SSIS packages Experience with data transformations and EDI 2+ years’ experience in .NET programming Strong experience writing and maintaining web services in .NET or an equivalent object oriented language Strong ability to review, analyze, and re-engineer complex stored procedures and .NET code to increase speed and performance Experience with SQL Reporting Services and Crystal Reports Experience with full SDLC with project involvement as a lead Software Engineer, including application definition, design, development, testing, deployment and maintenance Excellent logical and analytical programming skills, demonstrated ability to find proactive solutions Excellent troubleshooting skills and critical thinking skills Strong proficiency in documentation, particularly design specifications &amp; process flow diagrams Experience in providing realistic project time estimates Bachelors’ degree or equivalent experience Knowledge of Healthcare/Managed Care and/or HIPAA a plus Department: Montefiore Information Technology Bargaining Unit: Non Union Campus: Montefiore IT Employment Status: Regular Full-Time Address: 3 Odell Plaza, Yonkers Shift: N/A Scheduled Hours: 8:30am-5pm Req ID: 59349 Equal Opportunity Employer LI-SC1-REDIRECT; SF-DICE-MIT	SENIOR SOFTWARE ENGINEER	Montefiore Medical Center	Yonkers	NY	Yonkers, NY	Montefiore Medical Center	Tue, 20 Oct 2015 17:01:23 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=471d4113250f73b5&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1UTvx8f1N_iPvqyfuzwgf9JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke2ebv1a1566j
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	About the Job Part of Etsy's mission is to help connect buyers and sellers. The Payments team works on that goal by enabling buyers and sellers to transact seamlessly with each other across countries, languages, and currencies. Specifically, we drive products where money changes hands on and off the site, including checkout, billing, and giftcards. Our systems process millions of dollars a day and are part of the foundation the Etsy marketplace is built on. It's an exciting and fun environment with the opportunity to effect massive growth on an Etsy-sized scale. We touch all parts of the Etsy web stack - primarily PHP, MySQL and Memcache on the server side. You'll need to think hard about database transactions, sharding, replication, performance, stability, and metrics, and what it takes to move fast and iterate in a world full of sensitive cardholder data. You'll be expected to write infrastructure code, command-line tools, move mountains of data, optimize code for site performance, and various other forms of heavy-lifting. We launch products and we maintain them, and take pride when other teams extend them in ways we hadn't initially conceived. About You You're an engineer who can turn ideas into extremely fast and reliable code that other people - or you, six months into the future - will find easy to comprehend and modify. You believe in Etsy's vision of a human-driven economy, and are passionate about building the products that enable that economy. You will be successful in this role if you: Care as much about building great products as you do writing great code. Have a knack for organization and breaking down large problems into smaller ones. Can be autonomous and self-driven. Strong database experience, especially around scaling applications. You can spin yarns about how you've done this right and wrong at your previous jobs. And we'll give bonus points if you can actually spin yarn. Understanding of the various aspects involved in running a large-scale web site. Help others around you grow as developers and be successful. Enjoy learning about and interacting with the people who use your product. What's Next If you're interested in joining the team, please send us your resume. You won't be surprised to hear, though, that we won't consider it without a cover letter. Let us know how you fit the bill for each of our requirements above. Etsy is a place that values individuality and variety, so use your judgment and write to us in your own voice. If you have a presence on the web that we can easily access (Github, Twitter, Facebook, rap sheet), contribute to an open source project, write a blog, or practice another craft besides building beautiful, functional websites, that means something to us, we'd love to hear about it.	Software Engineer, Core Payments	Etsy	Brooklyn	NY	Brooklyn, NY	Etsy	Wed, 21 Oct 2015 20:56:10 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=ecae3f5c59a403b4&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1UTvx8f1N_iPvqyfuzwgf9JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke2ebv1a1566j
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	About Us We know that creativity doesn't happen on-demand. Developing with cutting-edge cloud technology takes great minds and talented people working together in a collaborative environment. That is why we are committed to fostering an innovative, agile company culture; we encourage our teams to come together and experiment with new concepts, research new approaches and test out new technologies. On our quest to strengthen our position as the premier technology company in the life sciences space, we are looking for highly skilled &amp; committed professionals. Our mission? To put innovative technology and insightful data into researchers’ hands to help them safely get new treatments to market faster with lower risk and cost. We’re proud to say we are the leader in application software for the clinical development process, tackling real-world problems and making a real difference in the lives of patients everywhere. The Company With the advent of mobile devices, we are at the forefront of incorporating our software into these devices to further improve the accuracy, timeliness and ease of the data collection process. That means better treatments can reach waiting patients sooner. We are publicly traded (MDSO) with over 450 customers, customer retention rates above 98%, and the experience of supporting more than 9,500 clinical trials. We are still led by Co-founders, Tarek Sherif and Glen de Vries, and have global operations in the US, Europe and Asia. Purpose The SDET function is responsible for the quality of the Medidata software products. The SDET function is responsible to ensure that Medidata is able to deliver high quality software projects on time by developing automation frameworks, tests and finding issues before the applications are released. The SDETs work closely with developers and other Quality Assurance Engineers in small scrum teams to develop high quality software in speedier and cost-effective way. Main Duties: Create and execute automated test scripts and scenarios based on requirements with some assistance Apply BDD concepts and write feature files with assistance Contribute to validation documentation Aware of existing API’s &amp; able to integrate them into the test frameworks with some assistance Reads, learns and implements knowledge gained from industry forums, blogs, presentations and papers Extend and maintain existing automation frameworks with some assistance Review test scripts and test documents Contribute to improvement of existing processes and procedures Create API and integration tests with some assistance Requires some guidance and assistance from senior team members With supervision, write validation documentation Attend grooming meetings and provide estimates Enhance feature files provided by product management Skills/Requirements: Strives for high performance and takes initiative to make improvements and deliver high quality results Takes personal accountability for and ensures internal and external customer satisfaction. Consistently looks for different and better ways to do business Makes a significant contribution to a solution that takes multiple people to solve Able to break down larger problems Begins to analyze testing needs and develops strategies to enhance testing through a programmatic approach Utilizes existing API’s &amp; integrates them into the test frameworks Estimates solutions to increasingly complex problems without guidance Solves problems independently with little guidance Shows initiative in identifying problems and providing solutions Effectively communicates to peers and colleagues cross-functionally, outside of immediate team Shares knowledge using blog posts and other means Demonstrates ability to communicate with clients Mentors junior members of the team "Intermediate knowledge of relevant framework and platform Writes and understands the code in a fluent nature Anticipates code that could be utilized in future projects Writes elegant and efficient code that is maintainable Leads code reviews Can decompose complicated functionality into simpler tests Applies the broader concepts of cross-functional software development into code Ability to use object oriented concepts in programming Ability to analyze performance characteristics of algorithms and design patterns Ability to write complex SQL statements Knowledge of concurrency and synchronization algorithms Has knowledge of different types of databases and their functionality, and when to use each Demonstrated ability to choose static, compiled or interpreted language for the task Create and execute effective test scripts and scenarios based on requirements Ability to review test scripts and test documents Ability to design automation frameworks with some assistance Ability to create API and integration tests with some assistance Provide guidance and assistance to junior team members With supervision, write validation documentation Contribute to grooming requirements Continuing to build an in-depth understanding of software development life cycle and software testing Demonstrates high level of quality in executing assigned tasks, including compliance with SOPs and work instructions Able to develop an effective automated test harness with little or no assistance Able to develop integration and API level tests Able, at a basic level, to communicate concepts and ideas regarding programmatic approaches to non-technical audiences Strong experience in at least one programming language Experience: Typically requires a minimum of 3 years of related experience with a Bachelor’s degree; or 1 year and a Master’s degree; or a PhD; or equivalent experience. Medidata Solutions, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Medidata Solutions provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, national origin, age, disability, or status as a veteran. Medidata Solutions complies with applicable state and local laws governing non-discrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities. LI-DM 	Software Development Engineer in Test	Medidata Solutions	New York	NY	New York, NY	Medidata Solutions	Wed, 04 Nov 2015 06:34:34 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=1551523afdad1e81&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1UTvx8f1N_iPvqyfuzwgf9JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke2ebv1a1566j
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	MediaMath's Media &amp; Intelligence team is responsible for building the most efficient and highly scalable set of fundamental systems that transact the purchase of programmatic media from RTB and procured directly from publishers; permit enrichment of data for algorithmic bid decisioning and optimization to maximize value on behalf of our MediaMath TerminalOne clients. Our engineersa work daily to satisfy the demands of our rapidly growing system that includes billions of users and hundreds 100's of terabytes of data. They focus on producing and improving our most critical system components, utilizing high performance algorithms and disciplined development practices to achieve scalable success in a state of the art distributed environment. Responsibilities: Collaborate with product managers and team members to gather requirements, design, and develop solutions Participate in software design meetings and analyze user needs to determine technical requirements Develop software with robust coding for major components of large, mission critical, real-time distributed applications Provide support for day-to-day operational work as needed Qualifications: BA/BS Degree in computer science, mathematics, or related field 3+ years of professional software development experience Solid hand-on experience in C++ with Boost library, good C++ debugging skill on Linux Good working knowledge of multi-thread programing, as well as internet protocols: TCP/IP, HTTP, UDP Comfortable working in a Linux shell environment, ability to do simple Linux shell script coding Knowledge of non-blocking IO programing is a plus Knowledge of following languages/technologies are plus: Node.js, GO, Lua, Python, Java, Redis, MongoDB, Cassandra, RabbitMQ, Kafka, StatsD, Console, Hadoop, MapReduce, NginX, ZeroMQ, AWS Strong analytical and problem solving skills Detail-oriented with excellent self-motivation, planning, documentation and communication skills Experience working in an Agile/Scrum environment is a plus MediaMath is a global technology company that's leading the movement to revolutionize traditional marketing and empowering marketers to unleash the power of goal-based marketing at scale, transparently across the enterprise. Our platform - TerminalOne Marketing Operating System - handles billions of transactions every hour and hundreds of millions of internet users every day, which means every solution must be built to scale. Our breakthroughs create new marketplaces and solve long-standing problems in an industry that is constantly evolving. Our engineers are building the leading technology platform to power the new digital marketing ecosystem, and we are looking for driven, curious innovators to join our team. In achieving their duties and responsibilities, MediaMath employees embody the Math Values of SPACE: Scalable Innovation, Performance, Accountability, Collaboration, and Empowerment. Options: Apply for this job online Apply Refer Email this job to a friend Email Refer a LinkedIn connection Share on your newsfeed	Backend Software Engineer , Media/Intelligence	MediaMath	New York	NY	New York, NY	MediaMath	Tue, 20 Oct 2015 09:14:00 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=c8ad908bc8b017f3&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1UTvx8f1N_iPvqyfuzwgf9JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke2ebv1a1566j
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Come join an amazing computer science culture with perks and benefits that rival any NYC startup. This true object oriented software engineering job opportunity will throw you head first into building highly available, low latency software products. You’ll be constantly challenged with solving problems around massive amounts of real time data that incur sub-second changes. Along with day to day coding; building out the most efficient data structures and algorithms, you’ll be expected to articulate your solutions to the business problems by work directly with functional users as there is no business analyst layer separating you from how revenue is generated. Technology stack includes C++, STL, Python, JavaScript, UNIX, Linux Long term you’ll be offered the choice to move up as a guru, project leader or even laterally into other areas of the business. Ideal qualifications include a formal background in computer science, solid grasp of data structures and algorithms, and a track record of building scalable software from scratch. Go to http://www.cmp.jobs to see more jobs.	R&D C++ Software Engineer	Capital Markets	New York	NY	New York, NY	CMP.jobs	Fri, 30 Oct 2015 11:28:36 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=809866669651ba21&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1UTvx8f1N_iPvqyfuzwgf9JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke2ebv1a1566j
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Panasonic's vision of the digital future is driven by the needs and aspirations of our business customers and millions of consumers around the world who use our products every day. We share their dream to live a fuller life by providing ways of working smarter and enjoying the rewards of technological advances. At Panasonic, our success depends on every single employee's contributions - because the more we grow as individuals, the more we grow as a company. Through its broad range of integrated business technology solutions, Panasonic empowers professionals to do their best work. Customers in government, healthcare, production, education and a wide variety of commercial enterprises, large and small, depend on integrated solutions from Panasonic to reach their full potential, achieve competitive advantage and improve outcomes. The complete suite of Panasonic solutions addresses unified business communications, mobile computing, security and surveillance systems, retail information systems, office productivity solutions, high definition visual conferencing, projectors, professional displays and HD and 3D video production. As a result of its commitment to R&amp;D, manufacturing and quality control, Panasonic engineers reliable and long-lasting solutions as a partner for continuous improvement. Panasonic solutions for business are delivered by Panasonic System Communications Company of North America (PSCNA), Division of Panasonic Corporation of North America (PNA), the principal North American subsidiary of Panasonic Corporation. Currently, PSCNA has an immediate opening available for a Software Engineer. At Panasonic, we are constantly striving to improve and grow both personally and professionally. We put our customer first, and demand only the best. We are looking for those that share our passion. ACCOUNTABILITIES: Architect, design and develop software solutions utilizing different Panasonic products Work with Business and Sales Teams on identifying software solutions to meet market demand and customers needs Manage software solution projects in accordance with Panasonic software development process and using PMP principles and guidelines Work closely with Project Management and Quality Assurance to drive the development of release plans and specifications Seek understanding of goals of cross-organizational team members to help to succeed as one team Create local business value by software development with factories and other sales companies Document designs and requirements including functional diagrams and flow charts Review and evaluate interface documentation, specifications, test plans and procedures Maintain up to date understanding of emerging technologies and trends in services, platforms and frameworks Qualifications QUALIFICATIONS: BS degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering or equivalent; Master's degree is a plus 2 years minimum experience architecting, designing and developing software products Expert knowledge and application of C++, C#, Java, JavaScript, Web Services, HTML and SQL Strong knowledge of enterprise class software requirements including performance, security, scalability, and usability Experience in programming in Windows and Linux environments is a must Experience in programming in Android and iOS environment is a plus Deep understanding of web-related technologies is a must Knowledge of Software Development Life Cycle, Software Design Patterns Project Management skill is a must Attention to details is expected Strong desire to work in a dynamic team environment Must work quickly, creatively, and decisively, delivering solutions on time and according to specification Excellence in both written and oral communication skills In addition to an environment that’s as innovative as our products, we offer competitive salaries and benefits. Panasonic is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer, and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to: race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. All qualified individuals are required to perform the essential functions of the job with or without reasonable accommodation. Pre-employment drug testing is required. Due to the high volume of responses, we will only be able to respond to candidates of interest. All candidates must have valid authorization to work in the U.S. Thank you for your interest in Panasonic Corporation of North America. Primary Location : United States-New Jersey-Newark Job : Engineering Organization : PSCNA Panasonic System Communications Company of North America	Software Engineer	PSCNA Panasonic System Communications Company of North America	Newark	NJ	Newark, NJ	Panasonic	Wed, 04 Nov 2015 22:29:57 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=a0148b7bbc808214&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1UTvx8f1N_iPvqyfuzwgf9JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke2ebv1a1566j
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Software Engineers are both generalists and problem solvers who love playing with new languages and frameworks. They’re talented and passionate technologists who are interested in learning new things every day. We currently have teams working with Java, C#, Python, Ruby, PHP, Objective-C and/or JavaScript, and our products and clients are as diverse as the tools we are using. It doesn’t matter if you are savvy in Scala or Go, or proficient in Java, we’re equally excited to work with you. Software engineers work in a very collaborative environment where cross-functional teams work closely together in order to get things done. They work to maintain an ego-free environment where talent matters more than title, and know the big idea can come from anyone and anywhere. Having an entrepreneurial spirit is as important as being a team member, and our Engineers are never afraid to wear multiple hats. We love to iterate and make things better over time. Having decent processes in place and knowing how to deliver software is important. Lean principles, test driven development and continuous integration matter to us. We are looking for someone who gets equally excited about those things and knows about agile best practices. You will be able to work in a variety of client settings and platforms and collaborate in a smart environment where you can bring in your ideas. There is plenty of room to grow at Huge. What we’d like to see: ---------------------------- Experience developing, writing and delivering elegant and clean code in Java, C#, Python, Ruby, JS or any other language. A familiarity with agile methodologies, such as Lean, Extreme Programming (XP) and/or Scrum. We’re a team-oriented and collaborative environment that practices collective code ownership and pair programming. Ability to work in a variety of client settings and across platforms. Excellent problem solving skills, a love for technical challenges, and a willingness to learn. Experience with databases and HTML, CSS, JavaScript. Huge is an equal opportunity employer (EOE). We strongly support diversity in the workforce. #LI-SM1	Software Engineer	Huge	New York	NY	New York, NY	Huge	Mon, 26 Oct 2015 05:47:59 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=6806cf540155fd44&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1UTvx8f1N_iPvqyfuzwgf9JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke2ebv1a1566j
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Meetup has been a force in the tech community for years, providing a home-from-home to millions of people attending hundreds of thousands of Meetups every month. Today we have 18 million members—1 million in New York City alone—and we’re reinventing Meetup for global scale and mobile apps as the primary platform. To meet this growth, we’ve built a brand new Trust &amp; Safety Team and we’re streamlining and automating many of the functions of our Community Team. The next step is to hire an awesome Lead Software Engineer to oversee development of our internal tools and systems. That’s where you come in! As a Product ace and experienced Tools engineer, you’ll reimagine the ways that better tooling will help us scale. Most importantly you’ll serve as tech lead for the team that’s responsible for all internal software products. Here’s what you’ll do: Improve the effectiveness of our Community and Trust &amp; Safety teams with distributed systems that enable a scalable response and investigations flow Build applications to automate functions and increase the efficiency of our Community Specialists Construct fraud detection models and machine learning pipelines to flag bad actors Detect and suppress spam and other forms of abuse Create data analysis and operations tools to provide business and operational insights Oversee the full stack development of all internal tools and systems Partner cross-functionally with multiple engineering teams as well as Community, Trust &amp; Safety, and Data What we’d like from you: 3+ years’ experience as an engineering lead Solid knowledge of full-stack engineering and web API interaction Hands-on experience with relational databases and understanding of SQL Ability to effectively collaborate with technical and non-technical teams alike Excellent communication, organizational, and analytical skills Our team is smart, ambitious, and supportive—above all, we love what we do! While meeting regular deadlines and being focused on quick, quality completion of projects, the environment is relaxed and fun. If the above describes you and your passions, we want to hear from you!	Lead Software Engineer, Tools	Meetup	New York	NY	New York, NY	Omidyar Networks	Thu, 22 Oct 2015 05:55:46 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=677349e21eec8974&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1UTvx8f1N_iPvqyfuzwgf9JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke2ebv1a1566j
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	At Major League Baseball Advanced Media, we are always improving the way we connect baseball fans to the sport they love. We care deeply about capturing the game at many different levels and offering a variety of world class products that give fans unparalleled access to video, news, statistics and commerce, both in real time and on demand. We are looking for software engineers to apply strong technical knowledge and ability to our world leading digital brand. Our software engineers are hands-on and gain professional gratification by having their efforts exposed to millions of users around the globe. As a Sr. Software Engineer on our Search team, you will be part of transforming our existing search index into an exciting new destination to enable fans to search and discover relevant content, deliver a personalized experience, power data-driven applications, and build scalable, distributed systems with cutting edge technology. Responsibilities: Craft scalable server-side software in Java or Scala Design system architecture in the cloud for data pipelines and RESTful services Work with a team of engineers building software in a collaborative, agile development process Participate in the full-lifecycle of software development (requirements gathering, designing, building, testing and maintenance) Requirements: BS or MS degree in Computer Science, or equivalent experience 5+ years experience building software on *nix platforms You've got a solid understanding of various concurrency primitives in Java/Scala You're a self-learner, independent, and have outstanding problem-solving skills You care deeply about craftsmanship in your software and can work backwards from the customer You have excellent written and verbal communication skills Nice to have: Have had experience using Elasticsearch, Solr or Lucene Experience with modern frameworks like Play/Akka/Finagle Theoretical understanding of text indexing, from academia or work experience Have created software for large scale, high-traffic sites Good understanding of JVM internals and Garbage collection You've worked on ranking algorithms before, and understand the importance of relevance when presenting search results Have public Github we can peruse You're active within the Open Source community Why it's a unique opportunity: You'll get to work with a modern technology stack You're work on a highly collaborative team of world-class Software Engineers The chance to work on award-winning and complex apps and systems You'll have an influence on the innovation of products used globally by millions Amazing benefits including - 100% employer-paid Medical, Dental and Vision Please include the output of the following one-liner somewhere in the body of your submission: tr '\\!-~\\n+' 'P-~\\!-O+\\n' &lt; "s@ J@F ?@H H92E : EVD =: &lt; 6+%@ 36 492D65 3J E96 v9@DE @7 u2:=FC6+(9:=6 DE2C: ?8 E9C@F89 ': 4E@CJVD 5@@Cn+~7 4@FCD6 J@F 5@[ J@FVC6 2 |6ED 72?P+\\ uC2?&lt; |6DD: ?2[ QuF== r@F?Ei %96 q@@&lt; @7 |6ED \\!@6ECJQ+" We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.	Software Engineer, Search and Personalization	MLB Advanced Media	New York	NY	New York, NY	MLB Advanced Media	Tue, 20 Oct 2015 00:34:37 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=fc3a19ba5cba2dc6&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2l5bCZP3s6tOwK4dVisjeoJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke2jcv1a0j4if
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Software Engineer(s) Engineering | New York, NY, United States Responsibilities Develop software for digital presence management (DMP) software company. Duties include: Work in an agile environment supporting the full product life cycle and identifying the right technology for each unique problem. Work on small teams with rotating projects, including building new versions of Yext’s iOS or Android application. Build a service locator infrastructure to help hundreds of service providers interact. Utilize SASS, jQuery, and Play! framework to add user interface to support new merchant platform for location management and build an automated testing infrastructure with Selenium and Ruby. Develop a caching layer for customer search and update thousands of locations in milliseconds. Build an automated testing infrastructure with Selenium and Ruby. Create an image testing infrastructure using S3 and Route 53, build a system that crawls and analyzes hundreds of thousands of pages per day using Selenium and Java and research, and implement scale-out strategies using shading and NoSQL solutions. Examine real-time application data form tools such as AppDynamics and Sentry and use them to resolve system issues. Architect a distribution system that uses RPCs and message queuing with RabbitMQ. Requirements Bachelor’s degree or foreign degree equivalent in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Computer Engineering or related technical degree Three years of experience working as a Software Engineer or a related occupation. Experience must include: Synthesizing and evaluating complex analytics; Transforming results into meaningful insights that inform future product designs; Work with fellow software UI developers to enhance API and reduce client side memory utilization; Developing test coverage for code base; Aggregating data from multiple sources and delivering results to clients; Framework allowed developers to define data sources (databases queries, web service calls, etc.), combine and enrich them by defining links between them; Mobile experience developing native applications for both iOS and Android; Full stack web development including experience with databases, server-side application and HTML, CSS, Javascript; Operations including application deployment and monitoring; and Scaling, optimizing and maintaining web applications and services. Interested candidates mail resume to Brooke James, Job #YT04, Yext, Inc., 1 Madison Avenue, 5 th Floor, New York, NY 10010. *Position eligible for Employee Referral Program*	Software Engineer	Yext	New York	NY	New York, NY	Yext	Tue, 03 Nov 2015 10:38:53 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=d9a1b25fafb8c679&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2l5bCZP3s6tOwK4dVisjeoJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke2jcv1a0j4if
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	We’re looking for: A motivated Full-Stack Ruby on Rails (RoR) Engineer to help us define and build our products. You’ll be working collaboratively to architect, design and build innovative solutions for our users. Be part of a focused team that is creating fast, beautiful, and innovative tools to change how people move in the beauty and wellness industry. We are an innovative team from the likes of Huff Post, Google, Pinterest, and Box. What’s in it for you? Visibility: If you want your work to be recognized and retain quick growth this is for you.Small team = big impactBest of both worlds: start-up environment, big company resources Great Benefits: Equity Eligibility and Competitive CompensationTravel reimbursement Little things that matter: (happy hours, lunches, great coffee, snacks, an awesome work environment, exclusive events, did we mention flexible hours?) What you’ll do? That you will found out in the interview, but you will need the qualities/experience listed below : ) You should apply if you have: Strong experience and competencies in the Ruby language and the Ruby on Rails (RoR) framework of course. Strong experience in: Postgres, SQL and MySQL. Experience in MongoDB is a plus. Knowledge of AWS and related services such as S3, VPCs and EC2 instances Best practices in areas such as API design, data governance, and component reusability. Strong understanding of Object Oriented Programming Solid knowledge of complex data structures and storage mechanisms Strong experience with Source Control, specifically GiT Experience with Service Oriented Architectures: Expert knowledge of REST, ActiveRecord, and other related design paradigms Expert knowledge in versioning techniques, routing and OAuth 2.0 Experience with the entire Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) Additional Preferred Experience: Mobile Integration: Integrating with our web services with a mobile platform (iOS). Expertise with flat data stores (e.g. MongoDB) a plus Experience: 4+ years experience developing web services in a professional environmentBS/MS in computer science or equivalent work experience Scalability: Experience developing, maintaining, large scale web services deployed on highly available, scalable cloud infrastructure Required experience: developing RESTful web services in a professional environment: 2 years Required education: Bachelor's 	Senior Software Engineer - Web Services (Ruby on Rails)	Reddera	New York	NY	New York, NY	Indeed	Thu, 29 Oct 2015 15:52:04 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=494ec97839db50ba&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2l5bCZP3s6tOwK4dVisjeoJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke2jcv1a0j4if
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	At Capital One, we think big and do big things. We were the first company to develop and offer mass customization and personalization of credit card products, and we have been innovating relentlessly ever since. Today, we are a high-tech company, a scientific laboratory, and a nationally recognized brand all in one. We are a passionate and entrepreneurial team that embraces bold ideas, fosters collaboration, and delivers world-class products and services that touch tens of millions of customers. And we are looking for great technologists to join our team! Do you want to change the way the world interacts with their money? Do you obsess about delays, animation curves, and every last pixel in your apps? Do you have strong opinions about Swift or Lollipop? Are you BFFs with Ray Wenderlich? Do you spend way too much time obsessing about cold-brew coffee? Then we want you! As part of our team, what will you do? You will be passionate and driven to create the world’s best consumer banking experiences AND you will: - Write code - Demand quality (developing in a test driven manner with automation in mind) - Collaborate (partnering well with a diverse and passionate team) - Learn (adapting quickly to an evolving market and emerging trends) - Develop iOS or Android client code that deliver on Product Strategy. - Partner with Software Engineers, Designers, and Product Owners to create beautiful customer experiences. - Mentor all levels of the team. - Push all levels of the team to adopt mobile development best practices. Have worked previously on an app that had significant daily traffic. - Contribute to open-source projects. - Have a passion for challenging the status quo, in a respectful manner. Here is what we will bring to the table: - Competitive salary and equity, including a robust 401(k) plan - Excellent medical and dental insurance (and other health benefits) - Industry-leading maternity and paternity leave policies - A great working environment with a bunch of great people (early Bitcoin pioneers, ex-NASA engineers, and the authors of this job description) Here is what we would like for you to bring to the table: QualificationsBasic Qualifications: - Bachelors of Science degree or military experience- At least 2 years of experience delivering production ready software - At least 2 years of experience with Agile Scrum methodologiesPreferred Qualifications: - 1+ years of experience writing readable codeCapital One will consider sponsoring a new qualified applicant for employment authorization for this position.No agencies please. Capital One is an equal opportunity employer committed to diversity in the workplace. Capital One promotes a drug-free workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to gender, race, color, age, national origin, religion, disability, genetic information, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity/assignment, citizenship, pregnancy or maternity, protected veteran status, or any other status protected by applicable national, federal, state or local law. Capital One will consider for employment qualified applicants with a criminal history in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable laws regarding criminal background inquiries, including, to the extent applicable, Article 23-A of the New York Correction Law; San Francisco, California Police Code Article 49, Sections 4901-4920; Newark, New Jersey Ordinance 12-1630; and other applicable federal, state, and local laws and regulations regarding criminal background inquiries. JobTechnologyPrimary LocationUnited States-New York-New York-NYC 299 Park Avenue (22957)Other LocationsUnited States-Virginia-McLean-Fairfax Co-Tysons Corner (12062)ScheduleFull-timeTravelYes, 10 % of the TimeJob PostingUnposting Date	Software Engineer, Mobile	Capital One	New York	NY	New York, NY	Capital One	Sat, 24 Oct 2015 17:50:00 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=e9e90f91af91e222&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2l5bCZP3s6tOwK4dVisjeoJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke2jcv1a0j4if
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	The Orchard is a pioneering digital music, video and film distribution company operating in more than 25 global markets. As a member of our Technology team, you will have the opportunity to work with other bright engineers and product people to build out our industry-leading digital media content management and distribution platform, develop tools to empower artists and film makers with data-driven insights and analytics, as well as optimize monetization and reach for our YouTube business. The Orchard is looking for a Senior Software Engineer to join our NYC (East Village) development team. Responsibilities: Build amazingly crafted software and systems to provide our clients with a cutting-edge digital media management, distribution, and reporting/analytics suite. Collaborate with a talented team of engineers and designers. Work with new technology and tools in a highly-collaborative, agile environment. Qualifications: Full stack proficiency. We are polyglots, currently using PHP, Python and Ruby but open to the best tool for the job. Checkout http://stackshare.io/the-orchard for a better idea of what we’re using. Familiar with design patterns. Experience with microservices a plus. Good at designing for speed and scale. Experience with distributed computing in hybrid environments. Familiarity with AWS is a huge plus (DynamoDB, Redshift, SWF, Lambda). Agile &amp; results-focused. Ability to work effectively on small, cross-functional teams following agile development methodology (Kanban, Scrum). Comfortable working in a Continuous Deployment environment with a strong emphasis on unit &amp; functional automated test coverage (Git, Jenkins, Elastic Beanstalk, Docker, etc). Experience designing and consuming RESTful APIs. The ability to implement XHTML/HTML5, CSS, and Javascript quickly and effectively. The itch to work with new, or suggest, open source technologies. Excellent verbal and written communication skills. Love for music and film a plus. Additional Orch Information: Tech Blog - Check out The Orchard’s tech blog: https://medium.com/orchard-technology . Project Work - At The Orchard, we’re happy to open-source software that helps the community. For instance, a few months ago, we built Garcon, a framework to help write distributed workflows that run on Amazon SWF: https://pypi.python.org/pypi/Garcon . About The Orchard® The Orchard is an independent music and video distribution company that provides an innovative and comprehensive sales and marketing platform for content owners. With our industry-leading technology and operations, we partner with companies of all sizes to make their music and videos available across hundreds of digital and mobile outlets around the world, and physical retailers too. We work with our clients to maximize their revenue, and provide them with the latest and greatest digital marketing tools and sophisticated sales analytics to help them run their businesses efficiently and effectively. The Orchard was founded in 1997 in New York City to foster independence and creativity in the music industry. Our headquarters are in New York and London, with operations in more than 25 markets around the world, including France, Spain, Germany, Mexico, Argentina, India, Australia and more. At The Orchard, the focus is to provide a comfortable, social and engaging environment to encourage productivity, creativity and personal/business relationships. From monthly potlucks and game nights to company kickball teams and other staff perks , our employees like what they do and where they do it. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability or protected veteran status. 	Senior Software Engineer	Sony Music Entertainment	New York	NY	New York, NY	Sony Music Entertainment	Mon, 19 Oct 2015 20:06:15 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=94b31fec9bac3eb6&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2l5bCZP3s6tOwK4dVisjeoJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke2jcv1a0j4if
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Job Requisition Number: 47487 The Role: The Desktop API/Office Integration team is looking for an experienced Microsoft Windows software engineer to play a leading role in the design and engineering of the next generation of Bloomberg integration platforms and services. This team builds the desktop products and tools that are used by our clients around the globe to bring Bloomberg's wealth of financial data, analytics and tools directly into the productivity software that our clients use on a daily basis. We use OO design and Agile methodologies to create scalable, robust and service-oriented architectures built upon C++11, .NET 4.x. The role provides excellent opportunities for the successful candidate to have responsibility for all stages of the software development process, exercise leadership skills, work with clients and other stakeholders, and build a deeper understanding of our customers and the financial markets. We are looking for either: - 5+ years of designing and building successful Windows desktop products - OOD/OOP skills and experience applying modern design patterns - Experience with C++ development Or: - 5+ years of experience with .NET architecture (CLR, GC, and C# programming, WinForms and WPF) - 5+ years of experience with concurrency in Win32 and/or .NET - Working knowledge of COM, ATL and STL The Company: Bloomberg, the global business and financial information and news leader, gives influential decision makers a critical edge by connecting them to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas. The company's strength - delivering data, news and analytics through innovative technology, quickly and accurately - is at the core of the Bloomberg Professional service, which provides real time financial information to more than 310,000 subscribers globally. Bloomberg's enterprise solutions build on the company's core strength, leveraging technology to allow customers to access, integrate, distribute and manage data and information across organizations more efficiently and effectively. Through Bloomberg Law, Bloomberg Government, Bloomberg New Energy Finance and Bloomberg BNA, the company provides data, news and analytics to decision makers in industries beyond finance. And Bloomberg News, delivered through the Bloomberg Professional service, television, radio, mobile, the Internet and two magazines, Bloomberg Businessweek and Bloomberg Markets, covers the world with more than 2,300 news and multimedia professionals at 146 bureaus in 72 countries. Headquartered in New York, Bloomberg employs more than 15,000 people in 192 locations around the world.	Senior Microsoft Windows Software Engineer Job	Bloomberg	New York	NY	New York, NY	Bloomberg	Tue, 27 Oct 2015 14:34:00 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=d61355d18a9e4229&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2l5bCZP3s6tOwK4dVisjeoJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke2jcv1a0j4if
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	American Express is embarking on an exciting transformation driven by an energetic new team of high-performers. This group is nimble and creative with the power to shape our technology and product roadmap. If you have the talent and desire to deliver innovative payment products and services at a rapid pace, serving our customers seamlessly across physical, digital, mobile, and social media, join our transformation team! Software Engineers that join our Technologies team can be assigned to one of several exciting teams that are developing new virtual internet-based payment solutions, customer service portals, online merchant services support and integration, credit management tools, and suites of web-based applications for card member targeted offers that will span over 20 international markets. You will be part of a fast-paced, entrepreneurial team responsible for delivering world class card member experiences across multiple channels, including native iOS, Android, web, social integration, Java services, and APIs. You will be challenged with identifying innovative ideas and proof of concepts to deliver against the existing and future needs of our customers. Responsibilities include: · Serving as a core member of an engineering team that designs and develops software applications · Writing code and unit tests, automation, and conducting code reviews and testing · Identifying exciting opportunities for adopting new technologies to solve existing needs and predicting future challenges · Performing ongoing refactoring of code, utilizing visualization and other techniques to fast track concepts, and delivering continuous improvement · Working with product managers to prioritize features for ongoing sprints and managing a list of technical requirements based on industry trends, new technologies, known defects, and issues · Manage your own time, and work well both independently and as part of a team · Work closely with product managers, back-end and other front-end engineers to implement versatile solutions to tricky web development problems · Quickly generate and updating HTML prototypes from UI concepts for testing and team feedback · Finalizing HTML prototypes into Web Applications by integrating with back-end services and functionality · Embrace emerging standards while promoting best practices in order to push the limits of what a browser can do Offer of employment with American Express is conditioned upon the successful completion of a background verification check, subject to applicable laws and regulations. Qualifications · BS or MS degree in computer science, computer engineering, or other technical discipline, or equivalent work experience · Demonstrated experience in Agile development, application design, software development, and testing · Expertise in objected oriented analysis and design across a variety of platforms · Experience with AngularJS required; exposure to MEAN stack a plus · Experience with HTML, CSS, JavaScript and front end technologies required · Thorough understanding of XML, JSON, Web Services technologies, and data structure fundamentals · E xperience with Java application design and development in an Enterprise setting · Experience with a broad range of software languages and payments technologies is a plus · Experience with adaptive and responsive techniques · Internationalization (I18N) and Localization (L10N) experience is a plus · A proven hunger to learn new technologies and translate them into working software · Ability to effectively communicate with internal and external business partners American Express is an equal opportunity employer and makes employment decisions without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, protected veteran status, disability status, or any other status protected by law. Click here to view the “EEO is the Law” poster. ReqID: 15013392	Software Engineer – UI/UX/AngularJS, Web Engineering	American Express	New York	NY	New York, NY	American Express	Mon, 26 Oct 2015 14:37:00 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=3714079f63cee181&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2l5bCZP3s6tOwK4dVisjeoJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke2jcv1a0j4if
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Be the first of your friends to declare, “I love where I work!” and actually mean it. Laugh hard and work hard with some of the best and brightest in the tech industry. GrubHub Holdings Inc. is the nation's leading online and mobile food-ordering company dedicated to connecting hungry diners with local takeout restaurants. GrubHub Holdings Inc. portfolio of brands includes GrubHub, Seamless, MenuPages and Allmenus. The company's online and mobile ordering platforms allow diners to order directly from thousands of takeout restaurants across the country and London, and every order is supported by the company's 24/7 customer service. GrubHub Holdings Inc. has offices in Chicago, New York City and London. With a career at GrubHub Holdings Inc. , you can order your cake and eat it, too! We are looking for Lead Software Engineers to help us dramatically expand and improve our set of products while simultaneously supporting a massive increase in the capacity of our systems. We have been extremely picky about assembling a team of smart, humble people who are passionate about creating amazing products. We work in an agile manner and believe strongly that small cross-functional teams empowered to make decisions and move fast are the best way to do so. This is an unbeatable opportunity for developers who hope to work on and deliver world class software in a friendly, fun, and innovative environment. RESPONSIBILITIES: Design, implement, and deliver awesome technical platforms and products for all constituencies (diners, corporate accounts, restaurants, internal tools) Understand our products from both a technical and business perspective in the context of our larger business. Communicate with leadership, product owners, other technologists, and users to create working software based on an understanding of business and technical priorities. Break down complex problems into elegant technical solutions to intelligently solve problems for diners, restaurant, corporate accounts and internal stakeholders. Actively contribute to the adoption of strong software architecture, development best practices, and new technologies. We are always improving the process of building software; we need you to help contribute. You will be a key part in accurately estimating the timing of software delivery. REQUIREMENTS: Bachelors Degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering or related field, Masters preferred Team Lead Experience Expert knowledge of Java (7+ years) Strong understanding of modern unit testing and version control - SVN or Git preferred Familiar with Agile software development methodologies Interested in working for a fast paced tech and product oriented company GrubHub Holdings Inc. is an EQUAL EMPLOYMENT OPPORTUNITY/AFFIRMATIVE ACTION employer. #LI-JP1	Lead Software Engineer	GrubHub	New York	NY	New York, NY	GrubHub	Tue, 27 Oct 2015 17:13:58 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=5e0d979e9de332ed&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2l5bCZP3s6tOwK4dVisjeoJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke2jcv1a0j4if
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Overview: Innovative strategies. Proactive thinking. Comprehensive know-how. That's what we expect from a Senior Software Engineer at TMP. Here, you'll be part of a fiercely collaborative technology team charged with creating digital solutions that are transforming the way employers and job seekers connect. That means contributing to high-traffic websites for a broad range of high-profile companies. Developing next-generation applications and products for some of the most recognized brands in the world. And actively supporting our diverse suite of best-in-class technologies. All this in an environment that constantly challenges you to push beyond boundaries and enhance your expertise—with the support of a global team of industry experts. Sound like a fit for your talent and passion? Read on. Responsibilities: Work with the latest technologies such as ASP.Net MVC, Entity Framework, Angular.js, Elastic Search, MongoDB and RabbitMQ Develop next-generation web applications and products Participate in all phases of the software engineering life cycle Provide technical troubleshooting and debug support Develop and implement new products and provide information and support when required Evaluate new design proposals, and investigate and recommend solutions and process improvements that deliver greater efficiency or performance benefits Ensure that necessary technical documentation is maintained in an appropriate manner To learn more about TMP Software Development and what we are working on- check out these links: https://www.jobsattmp.com/tmp-tech StackOverflow page BS or advanced degree in Computer Science, IT or related field 6+ years of experience with product development and architecture of consumer software and applications MVC 3.0 development; MVC 4.0 is a big plus WinForms experience is a plus Proven experience working with the latest technologies such as ASP.Net MVC, Entity Framework, Angular.js, Elastic Search, MongoDB and RabbitMQ Expert knowledge of Agile, design and enterprise patterns Knowledge of .Net 2.0+ and the C# Language Expert knowledge of object-oriented programming Knowledge of domain-driven design Knowledge of test-driven development Knowledge of aspect-oriented programming Knowledge of SQL Server development and database design Knowledge of UI patterns Familiarity with source control, build processes, and continuous delivery Experience guiding, coaching, and developing with other engineers Excellent organizational and communication skills, both oral and written Ability to influence and manage change Ability to prepare and deliver presentations Must possess a solid business sense to analyze IT viability and strategic vision A wide breadth of technical expertise preferred Occasional after-hours support may be required TMP Worldwide is committed to providing a safe workplace for all employees. It is the policy of TMP Worldwide to conduct a background check for all candidates who accept an offer of employment with us. We are an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.	Sr Software Engineer - .Net, MVC	TMP Worldwide	New York	NY	New York, NY	TMP Worldwide	Mon, 26 Oct 2015 13:10:04 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=f6b7a6a2c70f3694&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2l5bCZP3s6tOwK4dVisjeoJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke2jcv1a0j4if
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	As an internationally recognized leader in counterterrorism, A-T Solutions delivers a full spectrum of intelligence, technology, training, and mission support solutions that protect people, infrastructure, and nations from terrorist threats. We were honored to receive the Inc. Hire Power Award that ranks us among the top 50 companies in the United States for job creation. In 2013, we ranked #47 on Washington Business Journal’s (WBJ’s) list of largest private companies and #46 on its list of 50 fastest growing companies in the Washington DC Metro area. Also in 2013, Inc. magazine included A-T Solutions on its list of fastest growing private companies in America for the seventh year in a row. PAE (Formerly A-T Solutions) is currently seeking a Field Software Service Engineer at Ft. Drum, NY . Primary responsibilities include: Install, configure, and troubleshoot Unix operating environments. Configure Unix based server / client relationship environments. Maintain all client systems with prescribed user application tool sets. Ensures full functionality of all servers and associated storage devices. Ensure full functionality of all assigned client workstations. Ensures message traffic is flowing into the system, being automatically process, and parsed into the database. Manages database storage, and data integrity for the system databases. Manages Oracle RDBMS table-space. Performs system cleanup of databases and logs. Ensures all servers are appropriately associated to the DCGS-A Backup/Archive solution and verifies that backup jobs have been completed per schedule. Ensures IA standards compliance on all assigned systems. Performs routine manual checks of all assigned Unix based systems for system IA anomalies using appropriate tools, scripts, and documentation. Required Qualifications: A minimum Bachelor's degree coupled with 3+ years experience. OR an Associates degree coupled with 5+ years experience; OR a High School diploma coupled with 7+ years experience. An active TS/SCI clearance Must have Server + certification Desired Qualifications: ACE BLK II, ASAS-All Source, ASAS-Single Source, ASAS-Light, ASAS-RWS BLK II 	Field Software Service Engineer	A-T Solutions, Inc.	New York	NY	New York, NY	A-T Solutions, Inc.	Wed, 21 Oct 2015 21:27:43 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=a7f46c30c00bd036&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2l5bCZP3s6tOwK4dVisjeoJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke2jcv1a0j4if
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	American Express is embarking on an exciting transformation driven by an energetic new team of high-performers. This group is nimble and creative with the power to shape our technology and product roadmap. If you have the talent and desire to deliver innovative payment products and services at a rapid pace, serving our customers seamlessly across physical, digital, mobile, and social media, join our transformation team! Software Engineers that join our Technologies team can be assigned to one of several exciting teams that are developing new virtual internet-based payment solutions, customer service portals, online merchant services support and integration, credit management tools, and suites of web-based applications for card member targeted offers that will span over 20 international markets. You will be part of a fast-paced, entrepreneurial team responsible for delivering world class card member experiences across multiple channels, including native iOS, Android, web, social integration, Java services, and APIs. You will be challenged with identifying innovative ideas and proof of concepts to deliver against the existing and future needs of our customers. Responsibilities: · Core member of an agile team that drives user story analysis and elaboration, design and develops software applications, and tests and builds automation tools · Perform hands-on software development and testing · Core member of an agile engineering team that designs and develops software applications · Typically spend 75+% of time writing code, API specs, conducting code reviews and testing in ongoing sprints · Identify exciting opportunities for adopting new technologies to solve existing needs and predicting future challenges · Perform ongoing refactoring of code, utilizing visualization and other techniques to fast-track concepts · Work with technical product managers to prioritize features for ongoing sprints, manage a list of technical requirements based on industry trends, new technologies, known defects, and issues · May be assigned to a specific platform/product permanently or be part of a dynamic resource pool that gets assigned to projects as they come up · Use industry standard automation tools to create regression test scripts and enables continuous development Offer of employment with American Express is conditioned upon the successful completion of a background verification check, subject to applicable laws and regulations. Qualifications · 2+ years of technical delivery experience with a demonstrated track record of increasing responsibility · Strong coding experience · Experience with J2EE, Servlets, Struts, and JSP required · Understanding of XML, JSON, web services technologies, and data structure fundamentals, with experience in multi-threaded programming a plus · Experience with node.js preferred · Aptitude for learning and applying programming concepts · Ability to get into the code and drive to solutions Experience with design and coding across one or more platforms and languages · Experience facilitating Agile, Scrum, or other rapid application development teams to deliver technology solutions on time, on budget, and to spec · BS or MS degree in computer science, computer engineering, or other technical discipline, or equivalent work experience · Demonstrated experience in Java application design, software development, and testing, preferably in an Agile environment · Ability to effectively communicate with internal and external business partners · Expertise in objected oriented analysis and design across a variety of platforms · Experience with a broad range of software languages and payments technologies is a plus ReqID: 15013389	Software Engineer - Java, Web Engineering	American Express	New York	NY	New York, NY	American Express	Mon, 26 Oct 2015 14:37:00 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=1054ac30f21253dc&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2l5bCZP3s6tOwK4dVisjeoJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke2jcv1a0j4if
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Seeking a Senior Software Engineer to design and build middle-office enterprise system components in C++ for Cash Equities Technology. Capability to interact with business, client support, and other stakeholders, and work independently and in partnership with minimum supervision to deliver Production quality code is crucial to success in this role. The Corporate Center ensures that our business divisions operate as a coherent and effective whole by providing and managing support and control functions for the business divisions and the Group including risk management and control (including compliance), finance and legal. It also provides all logistics and support functions including operations, information technology, human resources, corporate development, regulatory relations and strategic initiatives, communications and branding, corporate real estate and administrative services, procurement, offshoring and treasury services such as funding, balance sheet and capital management. Description of Team: We are a small focused team building software components for enterprise middle-office applications in C++ on the Linux and Windows platforms. Responsibilities: • Develop complex enterprise software components in C++/STL consistently following coding standards and in accordance with applicable software development methodology and release processes. • Apply sense of urgency, commitment, and focus on the right priorities in developing solutions in a timely fashion. • Provides reliable solutions to a variety of problems using sound problem solving techniques • Perform other duties such as Level 3 support Requirements • 5+ years' hands-on development experience in C++/STL on the Linux platform. • Experience in building multi-threading and networking applications. • Strong understanding of data structures and algorithms. • Strong understanding of Design Patterns. • Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Mathematics, Physics or related technical fields Preferred Qualifications: • Experience with Boost libraries, C++11, and C++14 is a plus. • Experience with Tico RV and MQ messaging is a plus. • Experience with Fix is a big plus • Experience with Java is a plus. • Self-motivated and enjoys working in a team and across various teams. Requirements Please see job description. What we offer UBS offers talented individuals around the world a challenging, diverse and supportive working environment in which passion, commitment and hard work are valued and rewarded. Why UBS? Watch the video	Software Engineer	UBS	Weehawken	NJ	Weehawken, NJ	UBS	Thu, 05 Nov 2015 18:51:05 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=01264342683c59ab&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2l5bCZP3s6tOwK4dVisjeoJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke2jcv1a0j4if
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Are you an experienced Software Engineer looking for an opportunity to use your experience in a fast paced not-for-profit organization? Church Pension Group, the Midtown Manhattan based benefits provider to the national Episcopal Church, seeks to hire a Software Engineer who will provide software design, programming, and consulting services for the diverse business units of The Church Pension Group and for shared service organizations such as the ITS department, using a wide range of modern business software environments. Key focus will be designing and developing software to bring the customer-facing services of all business units into a single “web self-service” umbrella, consistent with CPG’s long-term vision of presenting a unified customer experience across the organization. Identifies and evaluates customer needs in cooperation with internal Business Analysts, and produces technical specifications in response to those needs, while also personally creating many of the resulting software components. Among the knowledge, skills and/or ability required to perform this job successfully, qualified individuals will possess: “Generalist” mindset experienced with utilizing and developing a broad range of systems and tools. Since many different software and hardware environments exist in the company, successful candidates will be extremely agile, rapid learners with a demonstrated diversity of experience in Information Technology systems as well as in-depth programming skills. Excellent oral, written, and communication skills, including comfort with teleconferencing to conduct business with colleagues and clients. 3+ years proven experience with object-oriented programming. 3+ years experience writing applications in Ruby and/or C#. 3+ years experience using Ruby On Rails and/or .Net MVC (Ruby on Rails is preferred). 3+ years experience with HTML5, CSS3, jQuery, JavaScript, Backbone, Foundation and Sass Experience with Agile software development practices a plus. Experience with JIRA, Confluence, Git, and Jenkins a plus. Knowledge of Linux and Windows essentials. Comfort with most common command line tools. Understanding of when to choose between compiled and interpreted languages, and ability to use both language compilers and script interpreters. Understanding and ability to perform troubleshooting to isolate and diagnose common application problems, including compiler linkage errors, run-time bottlenecks, multi-threaded race conditions, and database query optimization. Experience with MySQL and/or equivalent database systems. Solid understanding of ACID database properties, query isolation levels, and SQL coding practice to avoid database deadlock scenarios. Experience using Apache and/or equivalent web server software. Working knowledge of Perl, Bash, PHP, ColdFusion a plus. Some experience developing high-performance APIs is a plus. Some experience developing in a Service Oriented Architecture is a plus. Objective-C, Swift, or Ruboto experience is a major plus, as mobile application development is part of the product roadmap. User experience with Windows, Linux, and Mac OS X systems. Understanding of customary source control practices and procedures in a team environment. (SVN or GIT) Required Education and/or Experience Bachelor’s and/or Master’s degree in computer science, engineering, or other technical field, or combination of equivalent education and experience. 3+ years of programming experience, with at least 3+ years in a business environment. EOE, M/F/D Please send your resume with salary requirements and include the Job Reference Code SOFTWAREENG on all correspondence. In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire. Please understand that, as a general policy, CPG does not sponsor visas. Our employees are our greatest asset. At CPG, we support our employees' commitment to professional excellence through extensive employee training and development programs. We offer a competitive compensation and benefits package and a friendly team environment. Job Type: Full-time Required experience: Ruby on Rails, .Net, C#, HTML%, CSS3, jQuery, JavaScript, Backbone, Foundation, Sass, Agile, JIRA: 3 years Required education: Bachelor's 	Software Engineer	Church Pension Group	New York	NY	New York, NY	Indeed	Sat, 17 Oct 2015 23:50:40 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=091e634721b883c2&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2l5bCZP3s6tOwK4dVisjeoJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke2jcv1a0j4if
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Based in SoHo, TheLadders is a comprehensive careers website that helps people Manage, Market and Move-up in their careers. We are an engineering-team-driven organization. We empower our software engineers not just to build great products, but also to have a real say in ‘how’ and ‘why’ the products are being built. We practice continuous integration, test-driven development, peer code reviews, pair programming, and collaborative design studios. You will be on the cutting edge of current software development best practices and in the position to assist in the introduction of new ones. At TheLadders, the Team Lead Software Engineer has not only the technical chops to roll up his or her sleeves and provide technical leadership to major projects, but also the experience and skills needed to manage a team of engineers. The Team Lead contributes to product strategy, manages project goals, and develops an amazing team. In this role you will: - Write high-quality, efficient, testable code in Java, Scala, and other great languages/frameworks (RabbitMQ, Storm, ElasticSearch, Riak, React, Backbone.js, NoSQL databases). - Collaborate with some of the best engineers in the industry. - Mentor other developers. - Contribute to strategy, design, implementation, testing, operations, and process improvement as the leader of a Scrum team. - Build something incredible! Responsibilities of the Team Lead Software Engineer: Lead a team of software engineers (Frontend, Backend and Full Stack) in an Agile and AWS environment Drive technical projects and provide leadership in an innovative and fast-paced environment Take responsibility for the overall planning, execution and success of complex technical projects Contribute technically to projects Work closely with product management team to ensure we're building the best products Basic Qualification of the Team Lead Software Engineer: BA/BS in Computer Science or closely related degree or equivalent practical experience (Hacker School). 7+ years professional experience in software development. 3 years of hands-on technical leadership and people management experience. Hands on programming capabilities Java or Scala. Preferred Qualifications of the Team Lead Software Engineer: Ability to effectively articulate technical challenges and solutions. Deal well with ambiguous/undefined problems; ability to think abstractly. Strong leader capable of motivating and energizing the very best software engineers, as well as gaining their respect. Experience shipping successful products Strong full stack skills (Java, Backbone.js, CSS, and etc); you will be able to discuss in depth both the design and your significant contributions to one or more projects. Experience with distributed system performance analysis and optimization. Experience working in an Agile/Scrum environment. Experience with distributed (multi-tiered) systems, algorithms, and relational/no-sql databases. 	Team Lead Software Engineer	TheLadders	New York	NY	New York, NY	TheLadders	Thu, 05 Nov 2015 22:16:00 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=789d3117413e60d4&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2l5bCZP3s6tOwK4dVisjeoJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke2jcv1a0j4if
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	NutraClick, one of the leading technology-driven health and wellness products companies, is looking for a full-stack Software Developer to join our fast-paced, technically savvy Engineering team. We are looking for candidates that are highly motivated, creative, and eager to learn and work alongside our experienced developers as they continue to create platforms that drive NutraClick’s overall business. As an Engineer at NutraClick, you will work with cross-functional team members to build robust, scalable solutions across all aspects of the business, from ad targeting and testing to customer tracking. With a unique quantitative approach to display advertising, our ad-optimizing system is continually evolving to capitalize on new opportunities. Responsibilities: Developing and improving NutraClick’s software infrastructure: Building and managing MySQL Databases, translating and performing advanced analytics, and creating reporting tools for analysis and optimization. Contributing to strategic recommendation for process and application improvements. Requirements: A Bachelor's or higher degree in Computer Science Experience in the LAMP (Linux, Apache, MySQL, PHP) environment, with extensive proficiency with PHP, MySQL, JavaScript, AJAX, HTML, XML, and CSS. Object-Oriented Programming (OOP) coding methodologies. Demonstrable experience with MVC and PHP Frameworks. Proficiency with strong database schema design and best database practices. A self-starting work ethic with the ability to work both independently and collaboratively. Exceptional attention to detail, organization and time management. A Plus To Have: Proficiency with in-depth data mining, data analytics, data manipulation and reporting. An interest in digital marketing. Experience at a top-tier software company.	Full- Stack Software Engineer - New York Office	NutraClick	Manhattan	NY	Manhattan, NY	NutraClick	Fri, 09 Oct 2015 06:40:11 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=e3333f3715823b9c&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2l5bCZP3s6tOwK4dVisjeoJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke2jcv1a0j4if
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	About Us Appboy is pioneering a new vertical in the marketing automation industry with a powerful technology designed for companies looking to build better relationships with customers through mobile and other emerging channels. With its industry-leading 360-degree customer profiles and audience segmentation engine at its core – coupled with an advanced multi-channel campaign creation and delivery system that automates personalized, life cycle marketing catered to each individual customer’s journey – Appboy empowers marketers to make intelligent, data-driven decisions around how to best engage, retain and monetize customers. What we're looking for We're looking for Sustainable Software Engineer to join us as the technical escalation point for our customer success team and build internal tools and features for the Appboy platform. This role is a software engineering role, as this person will also be responsible for programming on the Appboy dashboard or backend, helping out the mobile team, and working on minor infrastructure projects. One day you may be building internal tools to help our success and support organizations with automating a workflow, and the next day building new features to be used by thousands of Appboy customers. Sustainable Software engineers may be required to split on-call responsibilities with other team members, though after-hours support is uncommon. We are not interested in recent coding school graduates at this time, please do not apply if you recently graduated from schools such as General Assembly or App Academy. Responsibilities: Become an expert in how our product works from a technical standpoint Be the technical point of contact for customer issues from Appboy’s customer success organization Add new features and fix customer-facing bugs Build or buy new support tools to help automate common tasks and challenges Qualifications Degree in computer science or equivalent experience Working knowledge of some dynamic language (it doesn’t have to be Ruby) At least 1 year of previous experience developing software, fantastic debugging skills Excellent communication skills Experience in a technical support role/ developer role Pluses: Proficiency using Ruby on Rails, MongoDB, Redis and Hadoop Experience with mobile Have previously worked in a start up The Perks: 100% of coverage for your medical, dental and vision premiums and 80% of premiums for your eligible dependents 401k matching up to $3,000 per year 20k in basic life insurance, with an option of supplemental coverage by the employee Daily catered lunches and a Seamless account you can use for late nights in the office Up to $240 per month in pre-tax commuter benefits Collaborative office space and general good times 	Sustainable Software Engineer	Appboy	New York	NY	New York, NY	Appboy	Tue, 03 Nov 2015 06:56:57 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=578f24b24e4dbded&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2l5bCZP3s6tOwK4dVisjeoJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke2jcv1a0j4if
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Software Engineer - 39430 Description Our company At Adobe, we’re changing the world. How? We give people the tools to bring their ideas to life and create content that makes life more fun and work more meaningful. We give businesses and organizations the power to truly engage their customers. We're the ones behind the gorgeously designed content that streams across your laptop, TV, phone, and tablet every day—and we’re the ones who harness the massive power of big data to help companies move from data to insight and insight to action by delivering content that people crave most. We’re a company that understands that product innovation comes from people innovation, and that’s why we invest in cultivating leaders throughout the organization. If you’re passionate about leading from where you sit, join us. The challenge Behance maintains high traffic, high visibility applications with immense amounts of data, numerous third party integrations, and challenging scaling problems. We are looking for aspiring client-side engineers to join the team. Some of what you’ll be creating could include new features, tools (NodeJS), and even entire applications. You’ll work closely with our world-class design team to implement thoughtful layouts and interactions. You’ll be expected to embrace our best practices and since the frontend team is small, you’ll have the opportunity to make an impact on our process, technology, and standards. We are looking for someone who: Loves writing clear and efficient code Wants to gain a strong knowledge of javascript fundamentals Holds a passion for improving Uses a keen eye for details with high quality standards The frontend team at Behance cares deeply about pushing ourselves, each other, and our technologies to the next level. We have core committers and maintainers to popular open source projects like: jQuery, jQuery UI, Esprima, JSCS, JSHint, and others. We speak at conferences, write blog posts, run local meetups and sit on standards bodies. Above all else, we care about delivering high-quality products to our users. Some of the technologies we work with: NBD/BeFF (Behance MVC style, open-source frameworks) Ractive Babel Grunt/Gulp RequireJS/Webpack NodeJS jQuery/jQuery UI Mustache/Hogan Karma/Jasmine/Selenium JSHint/JSCS Git Perks: Small company feel where you can make an impact within a close knit team Industry-leading benefits package as a part of the Adobe family Flexible vacation schedule Generous equipment budget Fully paid trip to a conference every year Qualifications: You have some software engineering experience. You care about improving: keeping up to date on the industry trends and accepting feedback from others You care deeply about: software quality: building maintainable, efficient, and clear code uptime, reliability, and having a bug-free website Experience with at least one MV* JavaScript library/framework (Backbone, Angular, Ember, etc) Bonus Points: Contributions to open source projects Experience with a unit-testing framework such as Jasmine, QUnit, Mocha, etc What leading at Adobe means At Adobe, we’re passionate about developing leaders at all levels of the organization from individual contributors to people managers. Anyone who’s considering a career with us should know that we evaluate leadership based on these five capabilities: Demonstrating Strong EQ (Be Aware) – Having a keen sense of self awareness is the foundation of leadership at Adobe. Whether you’re an individual contributor or a people manager, you’re someone who’s empathetic and mindful of your impact on others. Selecting Talent (Be a Recruiter) – You’re a guardian and an ambassador for selecting talent at Adobe! You recommend and recruit only the best. You embrace diversity of ideas, experiences and working styles because you know that diverse teams drive better business results. Role Modeling Check-In (Be a Coach) – We don’t believe in annual reviews and rankings. That’s why, feedback flows constantly at Adobe. To succeed, you’ll meet frequently with your manager to receive ongoing feedback, set challenging performance expectations, and pursue continuous development opportunities. Leading change (Be an Agent of Change) – You readily adapt to business changes. Ambiguity or uncertainty never seems to stop you from working productively. You’re maniacally focused on execution and you’re always looking at new approaches to resolving issues. Scaling the Business (Be an Owner) – You approach your role as if you own the business. The buck stops with you. Your goal is to always deliver an exceptional customer experience by listening to feedback and continuously looking to improve efficiencies. At Adobe, you will be immersed in an exceptional work environment that is recognized throughout the world on Best Companies lists . You will also be surrounded by colleagues who are committed to helping each other grow through our unique Check-In approach where ongoing feedback flows freely. If you’re looking to build your career, Adobe’s the place for you. Discover what our employees are saying about their career experiences through the Adobe Life magazine . Adobe is an equal opportunity employer. We welcome and encourage diversity in the workplace regardless of race, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability or veteran status. Job Technical Primary Location Americas-USE-New York Schedule Full-time	Software Engineer	Adobe	New York	NY	New York, NY	Adobe	Fri, 23 Oct 2015 21:09:21 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=0e30ce733ec5e08e&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2l5bCZP3s6tOwK4dVisjeoJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke2jcv1a0j4if
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	The Flash Sales Management and Analytics team is looking for a senior software development engineer to join our NY team in designing and building the next generation of systems that define and manage flash sales events on our US and European Flash Sales sites MyHabit.com and BuyVIP.es, BuyVIP.it and BuyVIP.de. Our mission is to build systems, workflows, and software services that help Amazon’s business teams manage flash sales events. These systems mine and process data for every event that runs on the site. Our challenges include designing and coding algorithms that are better suited for flash events (time bound sales v/s perpetually running sales), continuously improving the efficiency of event management workflows and seamlessly integrating critical business functions to provide a world class experience to our customers. These systems need to scale to manage millions of items spread across thousands of events world-wide. This team is responsible for systems that directly impact a multi-million dollar business. This opportunity is unique: you will drive the construction of backend systems deep within the software stack that provide APIs and services, as well as highly intuitive, high performance, front-end user interfaces. You will have direct interaction with your users and the business teams and create a direct impact on how this new retail business functions at its core. The right candidate is expected have a strong drive for results, good interpersonal skills and the ability to work both independently and in a team environment. They should be fully capable of understanding complex systems and developing high scale, high availability, distributed systems as well as intuitive user interfaces. Successful candidates must be innovative, flexible, self-directed, and be able to work independently and collaboratively with cross-functional business and software development teams to solve critical business problems. Basic Qualifications • Bachelor’s Degree or above in Computer Science or related field • 6+ years professional experience in software development • Strong Computer Science fundamentals, object-oriented design, data structures, algorithm design, and complexity analysis • Strong problem solving skills • Proficiency in one programming language such as C++, C#, or Java • Experience taking a leading role in building complex software systems that have been successfully delivered to customers • Knowledge of professional software engineering practices &amp; best practices for the full software development life cycle, including coding standards, code reviews, source control management, build processes, testing, and operations • Experience with distributed computing and enterprise-wide systems • Experience in communicating with users, other technical teams, and senior management to collect requirements, describe software product features, technical designs, and product strategy • Experience mentoring junior software engineers to improve their skills, and make them more effective, product software engineers • Experience influencing software engineers best practices within your team • Hands-on expertise in many disparate technologies, typically ranging from front-end user interfaces through to back-end systems and all points in between Preferred Qualifications • Master's Degree in Computer Science or related field • Prior experience in low latency, high throughput, large scale distributed systems that specialize in searching through large data volumes • Prior experience in large scale data analytics projects • Prior experience in user-facing applications	Senior Software Development Engineer	Amazon Corporate LLC	New York	NY	New York, NY	Amazon.com	Wed, 28 Oct 2015 21:12:00 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=df0a23bb0d1765a4&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2l5bCZP3s6tOwK4dVisjeoJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke2jcv1a0j4if
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Currently hiring outstanding Software Engineers with Scala or Java experience to join our client based in San Francisco and New York. This role is responsible for working with Engineering team. As a Scala and Java software developer you with Engineering team and is responsible to integrate the development team of our SaaS product. High-scalability, fault-tolerance, low-latency, and efficient algorithms are keystones of the work you will be asked to perform on a daily basis. Experience in writing high-performance code (Java and/or Scala), concurrent and distributed algorithms is highly recommended. Experience with Akka, Hadoop, Relational &amp; No-SQL databases (Cassandra, HBASE) and related technologies is also highly recommended. Responsibilities: Design &amp; implement our backend architecture, from the data layer, to service orchestration. Work on automated deployment as well as distributed logging and analytics so that we can be on top of things. Qualifications: Expert knowledge in programming high-performance, server-side code in Scala and/or Java. Strong coding skills and Computer Science fundamentals. Experience with modern distributed systems platforms such as Akka, ZeroMQ, Kafka, Storm is valued. Experience with SQL and NoSQL databases and distributed computing platforms (such as Hadoop) is valued. Contributions to OSS projects are highly valued. Note: Only short-listed candidates will be contacted. Required experience: Software Engineering: 3 years 	Software Engineer (Scala or Java)	Forrester Bradley International	New York	NY	New York, NY	Indeed	Thu, 05 Nov 2015 05:10:47 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=2782f78bb18dafd5&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2l5bCZP3s6tOwK4dVisjeoJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke2jcv1a0j4if
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	What you will do here: As developer, you will work on a small team to bring out our next generation web platform with interactive real-time monitoring and control, advanced analytics/reporting, and complex event processing. You will be involved in every level, including system design, development, and deployment.What you will bring to the table: -Ruby / Rails / Postgres / Kafka / JQuery / Bootstrap- Solid programming skills and experience in multiple languages - Knowledge of Javascript/CSS/HTML5 and experience using at least one modern JS framework- Experience with agile development practices and a steadfast belief in the value of testing- A passion and talent for solving hard problems and continuously improving your skills and your workWhat we will bring to the table: - Collaboration with a talented group of engineers who share your passion for innovation- The opportunity to see your work rapidly deployed all over the world (75,000 cameras and counting...)- Flexible work hours in a fun, collegial office in Midtown Manhattan- The best coffee in Midtown, a well stocked kitchen and free lunch on Fridays- Competitive salary and benefits Job Type: Full-time Required experience: Software Engineering: 3 years 	Software Engineer	Bond Street Group	New York	NY	New York, NY	Indeed	Tue, 20 Oct 2015 16:06:15 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=a72dd1028679b391&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2l5bCZP3s6tOwK4dVisjeoJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke2jcv1a0j4if
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Overview: We are looking for a senior software engineer with a strong background in production deployment, ability to scale, and product performance. The ideal candidate will have experience scaling a code base and building a functioning product. Who we are: At Climb, we’re building a new type of student lending company: one that we would want to use and one that never finances an education that does not help the student. We work with leading next generation schools and educational platforms around the country. We started Climb because traditional funding for traditional higher education doesn't work. Students graduate deeply in debt, never earning enough to pay back their loans. Climb is different. We scour the country to find the best sources of alternative education - education that really works and is affordable. Climb then has a set up technology solution that allows us to efficiently help finance students' education. We've started out by funding students at coding bootcamps and other non-traditional education programs boasting 90%+ job placement into high-paying positions as web developers, front end engineers, data scientists, or user interface designers. Responsibilities: Develop web-based applications used to underwrite loans and provide functionality that supports and informs end users (students and school officials) using the MEAN stack Participate in architectural decisions concerning the software and how it will be moved from design process to incremental releases Assist the rest of the team to resolve issues and assist in automating performance, regression, and unit testing of the software Skills we like: BS or BE degree in Computer Science or other engineering program 4+ years experience in object-oriented, database, MVC, and asynchronous programming techniques Willingness to experiment with and learn new technologies, while still building a code base that will be maintainable for the long haul Excited to learn and understand business objectives, and help ensure that our products deliver value to students and schools Ability to work in a very fast paced and fluid small-team environment at a growing company Oral and written communications skills Professional, detail-oriented, and energetic personality What we can offer: Very competitive compensation and benefits, including equity Opportunities to rise up through the organization and to grow with the company General sense of well-being and excitement 	Senior Software Engineer	Climb	New York	NY	New York, NY	Climb	Fri, 23 Oct 2015 18:04:24 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=15fd278870163292&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2l5bCZP3s6tOwK4dVisjeoJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke2jcv1a0j4if
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	At Capital One, we think big and do big things. We were the first company to develop and offer mass customization and personalization of credit card products, and we have been innovating relentlessly ever since. Today we are a high-tech company, a scientific laboratory, and a nationally recognized brand all in one that reaches tens of millions of consumers. We are a passionate and entrepreneurial team that embraces bold ideas, fosters collaboration and delivers great client and consumer experiences. We’re changing the way people engage with their money, their bank, and their financial lives. It’s audacious work at a massive scale. Here you’ll find hackers, rockers, artists, entrepreneurs, and data scientists. As a team, we come to work every day looking to build digital experiences that are authentic &amp; bold. Our team is growing and we’re looking for Front End Developers who lead by doing, have a passion for solving wicked problems and who bring their “A” game to work every day. What You Bring You have a background in digital, geek out about the latest technologies, and believe that no digital experience is perfect unless it delights customers in ways they never knew were important – but now can’t live without. You have an exuberant passion for the power of strategic design and an “anything’s possible” mindset. You’re proud of your work, your skill, your experience and your expertise. You’re not cynical, inflexible, or only about your portfolio and you want to be part of something great. - Intermediate to expert skills with Responsive/Adaptive web design and responsive cross browser issues - Demonstrable past experience architecting componentized and scalable front-end platforms - User Centered Design Principals - MVC architecture - Skills working with Adobe Creative Suite, Omnigraffle, Balsamiq What you’ll do - Advocate and be the voice of our customer in our development process - Utilize Lean and Agile methodologies to deliver elegant and delightful customer experiences for national businesses that serve tens of millions of customers: - Collaborate on UX strategy for prototyping and pilot efforts - Translate UX and business requirements into elegantly coded solutions - Work daily in HTML, CSS and Javascript - Partner with Product and Engineering to turn prototypes into production quality code - Support teams to help successful integration of front-end assets to back-end/production-level systems - Write semantic code and evangelize modern development standards - Develop responsive and adaptive components and libraries - Effectively communicate technical standards - Work with Agile (Scrum) and Lean practices (which you already have covered in that list) - Work with Java developer &amp; back-end systems to support front-end code integration QualificationsBasic Qualifications: - High School diploma, GED, equivalent certification or military experience - At least 3 years of HTML5 experience - At least 3 years of CSS3 experience Preferred Qualifications: - Bachelor’s degree - 1 year of JavaScript experience - 1 year of Angular JS experience - 1 year Mobile Design (IOS or Android) - 2 years of prototyping experience - 2 years of presentation experience to management, and executive stakeholders - 2 years of internal and external client management experience Capital One will consider sponsoring a new qualified applicant for employment authorization for this position.No agencies please. Capital One is an equal opportunity employer committed to diversity in the workplace. Capital One promotes a drug-free workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to gender, race, color, age, national origin, religion, disability, genetic information, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity/assignment, citizenship, pregnancy or maternity, protected veteran status, or any other status protected by applicable national, federal, state or local law. Capital One will consider for employment qualified applicants with a criminal history in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable laws regarding criminal background inquiries, including, to the extent applicable, Article 23-A of the New York Correction Law; San Francisco, California Police Code Article 49, Sections 4901-4920; Newark, New Jersey Ordinance 12-1630; and other applicable federal, state, and local laws and regulations regarding criminal background inquiries. JobTechnologyPrimary LocationUnited States-New York-New York-NYC 299 Park Avenue (22957)ScheduleFull-timeTravelYes, 10 % of the TimeJob PostingUnposting Date	Software Engineer, Manager, Front-End	Capital One	New York	NY	New York, NY	Capital One	Sat, 24 Oct 2015 17:52:00 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=50c0e711726bc9ef&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2l5bCZP3s6tOwK4dVisjeoJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke2jcv1a0j4if
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Position Description McGraw Hill Financial is building the next generation of Investment Management applications on its flagship S&amp;P Capital IQ platform. Focusing on Portfolio Analytics, the new applications will feature advanced time-series computations, simulations, and interactive data visualization. The Role: As part of the team, you’ll be working with a variety of languages and platforms including the JVM, .NET, SQL Server, and JavaScript/CSS. We incorporate Functional Programming paradigms into several layers of our technology stack, so this is an excellent opportunity to learn or grow these skills. This role includes design, implementation, testing, and maintenance of product features, including collaboration with other development teams, product designers, and QA. Key Responsibilities: Review and analyse complex software data and information to provide insights, conclusions and actionable recommendations. Perform complex analyses and articulates solutions. Aid in the development of new products, services or technologies. Knowledge of multiple software languages. Design underlying engineering for use in multiple product offerings and support large volume of end users. Can perform task breakdowns. Code has relatively few structural issues. Can debug applications. Demonstrates object oriented skills. Implements defensible coding strategies. Develop project plans for less complex projects. Solve a range of routine to complex problems and determine possible solutions, weighing the costs and benefits. Solve problems with minimal oversight or interaction and with general instruction on new work assignments. Qualifications: B.S. in Computer Science or equivalent 3-5 years’ related experience Passionate, smart, and articulate developer JavaScript and CSS proficiency C# and SQL experience Scala or other functional programming experience a plus (F#, Haskell, PureScript, etc .) Able to work well individually and with a team Strong academic background and problem solving skills Strong work ethic, self-starter, and results oriented Interest and experience in finance is a plus About S&amp;P Capital IQ and McGraw Hill Financial S&amp;P Capital IQ is a leading provider of multi-asset class and real time data, analytics, and analytics. A career at S&amp;P Capital IQ puts you in a position to be essential to institutional investors, investment advisors and wealth managers around the world. Learn more at http://www.mhfi.com/careers/our-brands/sp-capital-iq McGraw Hill Financial includes Standard &amp; Poor’s Ratings Services, S&amp;P Capital IQ, S&amp;P Dow Jones Indices, J.D. Power and Platts. Together, we’re the foremost providers of essential intelligence for the capital and commodities markets. McGraw Hill Financial is an equal opportunity employer committed to making all employment decisions on the basis of merit, capability and equality of opportunity, and without regard to race/ethnicity, gender, pregnancy, gender identity or expression, color, creed, religion, national origin, age, disability, marital status (including domestic partnerships and civil unions), sexual orientation, military veteran status, unemployment status, or any other basis prohibited by federal, state or local law, or any other characteristic that has no bearing on a person’s ability to perform his or her job. Only electronic job submissions will be considered for employment. If you need an accommodation during the application process due to a disability, please send an email to aapteam@mhfi.com. and your request will be forwarded to the appropriate person. The EEO is the Law Poster http://www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/pdf/eeopost.pdf describes discrimination protections under federal law.	Senior Software Engineer (C#, Java Script) S&P Capital IQ	S&P CAPITAL IQ	New York	NY	New York, NY	McGraw Hill Financial	Wed, 28 Oct 2015 04:12:04 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=cf3ac641d7d0c50d&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2l5bCZP3s6tOwK4dVisjeoJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke2jcv1a0j4if
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Responsibilities The Software Engineer, Production is an entry level position, with the ability to have a great impact immediately. You will be touching and deploying code to live on a weekly basis. The Software Engineer, Production is responsible for handling revenue critical requests and accomplishing them as quickly as possible. These include but are not limited to setting up sites for AdQuire, and handling Custom Offer Development. About the role We are a small but growing team. There are a lot of changes underway as we evolve our environment. Scrum and Kanban are what we are currently using, but as with all self-organizing teams, the process changes as the teams determine what works for them. You will be interacting with the whole team, and learning a lot. The AdQuire sites setups need many different things when being set up; from CSS changes to fit a mobile device, to custom JavaScript, to cross browser changes. For the Custom Offer Development, you will be setting up soap and restful interactions, work on some legacy ColdFusion (which we are retiring as quickly as possible), and help the Operations team wow our customers. One of the things we are getting better at is unit and automated testing. In this capacity, you will be working alongside the rest of the team, learning our other software and new technologies, helping cover the code from a third person perspective. As we move down our roadmap, you will also begin working with Go, Aurelia, saltstack, DCOS, marathon, and other and technologies writing scale-able microservices. There is a huge amount of opportunity for the right person to work with a really dynamic team. Skills &amp; Requirements Requirements 1-2 years’ experience with software development. (this can be during school/self learning) 1+ year experience with JavaScript. 1+ year experience with CSS. 1+ year experience with HTML. Ability to, and love of thinking critically and problem solving. Clear written and verbal communication. Nice to have ColdFusion experience. Unit Test experience. Git experience. HTTP experience. CS degree or related experience (but not required!) About Permission Data As a whole we are about 40 people and profitable. Our technology helps our clients find interested customers through opt-in opportunities. The development team consists of 8 engineers currently, and we all work collaboratively together. We are growing and evolving our tech stack and how we do things. Our systems currently handle over 6 million requests per day and growing. We do a monthly beer bash, company lunches every other Wednesday, pay competitively, have a 401k, and great medical.	Join our team as a production software engineer	Permission Data	New York	NY	New York, NY	StackOverflow Jobs	Thu, 05 Nov 2015 04:04:12 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=f4c645973034a8a2&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2l5bCZP3s6tOwK4dVisjeoJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke2jcv1a0j4if
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Our client's core systems are what allow them to be an industry-leading trade management platform by managing order state. Meanwhile, Portfolio Trader is one of our client's most well-regarded products, allowing massive amounts of securities to be traded globally at one time. Writing code is one facet of this job, but in order to be successful you will need to be an end-to-end owner. That means you'll be taking requirements, coming up with a design, implementing it, writing test code, wrapping it up for deployment and owning whatever else comes up before passing it on. Relevant Skills: BS/MS in Computer Science/Computer Engineering or equivalent work experience Ability to work with legacy C/C++ code as well as Java for our new platform (using Guice, Jackson, JUnit, Guava, gradle, mockito, etc) Exposure to functional programming Experience writing testable code and unit tests Version Control System (e.g. git) Command line interface since our processes run on Linux Object Oriented Design Superior debugging and logic to narrow down a miles wide problem into a target for you to nail Exposure to Market Data and FIXAbout Eliassen Group: Eliassen Group has been driving the success of our clients, consultants, and employees within Technology Staffing and Consulting Services since 1989. For over 25 years, we have been at the forefront of innovation by uniting talented people and quality solutions within successful companies to help them attain their business objectives. Our solution oriented approach to understanding your needs ensures that we identify and represent the best possible talent available in the market, personally selected and matched to your requirements by our highly-tenured, extraordinarily capable recruiting team. Our consulting divisions include expertise focused on Agile, Big Data, Biometrics &amp; Data Solutions, Government Services, Healthcare IT, Life Sciences and Workforce Management. Eliassen Group is privately held and headquartered in Wakefield, MA.Don’t miss out on our referral program! If we hire a candidate that you refer us to then you can be eligible for a $1,000 referral check!	Software Engineer	Eliassen Group	New York	NY	New York, NY	Eliassen Group	Wed, 04 Nov 2015 23:43:00 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=d979dfe242fb2244&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2l5bCZP3s6tOwK4dVisjeoJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke2jcv1a0j4if
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	The Senior Consulting Software Engineer works with the customer, project manager and analyst to design, construct, integrate, test and deploy enterprise-level applications. This individual may be called upon to perform analysis tasks based on project needs and staffing. The typical tasks for the Senior Consulting Software Engineer include applying architectural tenants to projects, creating OO-design artifacts (e.g. class diagrams, sequence diagrams), creating prototypical applications as proof-of-concepts, creating software solutions using industry standard tools and languages, integrating partner and other vendors’ products, assisting QA to assure stability of the solution, mentoring junior team members and working with the client to deploy the solution. The individual should be well versed in OO design, including the use of UML. He or she should also be fluent in Java and willing to pursue other languages, such as C++, C#, or VB.NET. Experience with multiple platforms, such as Microsoft Windows, Solaris, and Linux, is preferred. It is expected that the individual will also have expertise with a diverse set of complementary technologies, and will continue to pursue such knowledge. Technologies such as SQL and RDBMS, Web Services, Message Queues, XML, Networking, Business Rule Engines, Workflow environments, Document Management Systems and Web Application Servers constitute the infrastructure on which we design, build and deploy solutions. The Senior Consulting Software Engineer must understand the uses and operation of these technologies. He or she must also have intimate knowledge around a subset of these technologies, including configuration, integration and operation of several. Further, the individual is expected to have thorough experience with SDLC frameworks, Design and Build Tools as well as Automated Testing Tools. The Senior Consulting Software Engineer will typically spend 30% of his of her time providing guidance to more junior consulting software engineers and the balance in a hands-on delivery role; designing, building and testing software-based solutions. This position will involve travel in the range of 50%-80% annually. Specific Activities and Responsibilities Understand client needs from both a functional and technical perspective Work with clients to define, analyze and engineer sound IT-based solutions for their unique business processes and rules Given the client's business and technology environments, document the detailed technical specifications based upon the documented functional requirements Design, code and test proprietary solutions for unique business or systems requirements, such as an integration tier in front of a legacy system Code and configure automated business processes and rules using specialized software, such as rules or workflow engines, or by developing custom applications Lead the testing of solutions, at unit, integration and system levels. This includes specialized testing such as performance and fail-over Integrate software solutions into a production environment Mentor less experienced designers and developers, applying best practices and assuring quality delivery Train the client on utilization of new processes, tools and solutions Skills and Experience Required 4 years of Java design and programming experience (J2SE, JDBC, Swing) 4 year of Java EE design and programming experience (Servlets, JSPs, EJB, JMS) 3-5 years of broad experience with Appian Extensive experience with integrating Appian and third party systems Experience with the Appian Tempo Interface and SAIL Experience Designing and Developing Appian Plugins Strong OO design background including UML and design patterns Deep understanding of SDLC, covering various waterfall and agile frameworks Broad hands-on experience with traditional web standards such as HTTP, HTML, XHTML, JavaScript, Cascading Style Sheets and AJAX BS degree in Information Technology or related field Excellent interpersonal and written &amp; oral communication skills Strong analytical and problem solving skills Has utilized various design and development tools, such as MagicDraw, Ant, and Eclipse XML/XSL/XSLT experience Web Services, including hands-on work with SOAP and UDDI Experience with different testing types and able to articulate value of each 5 years of experience with Java application servers, including significant debugging of deployment and operational issues Experience with “JAX Pack” (JAX-RPC, JAXB, …) and a solid understanding of object serialization, XML marshaling/unmarshaling, and similar interoperability approaches System integration experience, such as using messaging services and middleware Versed in complementary technologies, such as SQL, Networking, and SCCS Able to participate as an individual contributor on large and small development projects Capable of working independently and within tight schedules and budgets Skills and Experience Preferred Level 1 ACAD certification 7-10 years of design and development experience on platforms such as Solaris, Windows, C++, DBMS (i.e. Oracle, Sybase, or MS SQL), MQ Series, and similar Experience carrying out analysis tasks, such as gathering user requirements, running requirements sessions, and developing process maps and use cases Experience with portal products and architectures Experience with SSO environments and operation LDAP implementation experience Experienced, comfortable, and conversant with the offshore development model, including rewards and challenges MS in Computer Science Oracle (Sun) Java Certified 2-5 years consulting experience, preferably in Healthcare, CRM, or Financial Services Prior experience with BRMS packages such as PegaRULES, JRules, JBoss BRMS or Blaze Has experienced project failures and learned from them Job Type: Full-time Required experience: Java design and programming experience (J2SE, JDBC, Swing): 4 years 	Senior Software Engineer/Appian Developer	Nucleus10	New York	NY	New York, NY	Indeed	Sun, 25 Oct 2015 11:36:00 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=0dec19da91b50d7a&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1azoPrxwaKz_apJBDCcCJ9JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke4p8l19rl066
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	The Software Engineer (Back-End) will be accountable for developing and maintaining key modules of the V12 Group's suite of SaaS applications. You will be working on a next generation product. Location: Red Bank, NJ Responsibilities • Design, develop and modify modules based on functional and system requirements • Work closely with Product Owner for understanding the functional and system requirements • Provide feedback during design and code peer reviews • Adhere to software team's established processes and tools • Participate in sprint planning and estimating • Contribute ideas for process improvement, including coding practices, standards and tools • Work closely with Software Engineers to ensure architectural integrity and product quality • Engage in continuous self-improvement of technical and communications skills • Solid understanding of OOP/OOD Principles • Participate in testing process through unit testing and bug fixes • Strong ability to debug code quickly and efficiently • Maintain awareness of deadlines and priorities • All other duties as assigned Position Requirements Formal Education &amp; Certification • BS/BA degree in Computer Science, Information Systems or related field Like to Haves • 5+ years in a working environment • 3+ years developing high-performance, highly available, and scalable applications • C# /.NET • Experience with distributed, large scale systems. Build large scale systems that handle millions of transactions daily. • Good network understanding: Http, TCP, UDP • Message queue technology • SQL Server Databases (SQL Queries, Stored Procedures, Database Triggers) • Familiarity building multithreaded applications • Service-oriented architectures SOA Experience • Web Services (REST, SOAP) • Basic Design Patterns (Repository Pattern, Singleton, UnitOfWork Pattern, Dependency Injection) Other valuable skills • ADO.NET / ORM: Entity Framework, NHibernate • Java, GO, RUST • PostgreSQL • Agile/Scrum methodologies • WebAPI, WCF • Microservices Architecture • Familiar with Caching systems Personal Attributes • Experience at working both independently and in a team-oriented, collaborative environment is essential • Analytical and problem-solving capabilities • Strong written and oral communication skills • A self starter and motivated to push the limits and think outside of the box Check us out at: http://www.v12groupinc.com/ 	Software Engineer - Back-End Developer	V12 Group	Red Bank	NJ	Red Bank, NJ	V12 Group	Mon, 02 Nov 2015 06:33:00 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=8997b2a05efe4ba3&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1azoPrxwaKz_apJBDCcCJ9JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke4p8l19rl066
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	You will be working on cutting-edge high traffic Javascript/Python applications, where reliability and high performance are key. This person should be responsible for architectural software decisions, as well as software implementation in a team environment. The environment is dynamic with focus on creative thinking and usage of open source to solve complex problems and business needs. Required Skills 3+ years of hands-on experience with full stack web development (front-end/backend development &amp; preferably basic DevOps). Serious vanilla JavaScript skills (ES5+, we have polyfills for ES3 so no worries). Experience with Node.JS is a big plus (heap profiling Node, identifying performance bottlenecks, native Node C++ addons…). A good visual eye and solid CSS/SASS experience. Ability to independently set tasks and complete work with limited direction. Excellent written and verbal communications. Ability to manage competing priorities in a complex environment and maintain high productivity. Ability to devise creative technical solutions. Bachelors degree or equivalent.	Principal Software Engineer	Shulman Fleming & Partners	New York	NY	New York, NY	Shulman Fleming & Partners	Fri, 06 Nov 2015 09:58:17 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=227662e7c0a471e4&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1azoPrxwaKz_apJBDCcCJ9JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke4p8l19rl066
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Persistent Systems is looking for an Embedded Software Engineer who will be responsible for software development and support of Persistent Systems’ Wave Relay® mobile ad-hoc networking (MANET) system. This position will involve the development and implementation of a wide range of low-level embedded software, hardware development, and the development of application software running on the Wave Relay® network. POSITION RESPONSIBILITIES Using C/C++ to architect, develop, and implement software for embedded Linux hardware platforms Supporting hardware development Developing application software running on the Wave Relay® network, which may include device drivers, Linux kernel modules, network stack development, porting existing software to new embedded platforms, and other low level programming activities Supporting internal and external engineering activities, including travel to test locations, military facilities, and customer sites to directly supporting the testing, evaluation, and deployment of the Wave Relay® system Integrating other systems, sensors, and components with the Wave Relay® system Writing technical proposals Skills &amp; Requirements MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, or a related field or equivalent experience At least 1 year of work/internship experience developing software for embedded Linux systems in C/C++ Must have a US Security Clearance or the ability to obtain one PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS / SKILLS Master’s degree in Computer Science/Electrical Engineering/Computer Engineering or a related field Experience with Linux kernel and kernel module development and Linux driver development (wireless, network stack) Experience with UNIX shell scripting Experience with network application development (e.g. VoIP, streaming H.264) Experience with Android application development Knowledge of mobile ad hoc networking (MANET) Ability to work with a great deal of autonomy Excellent verbal and written communication skills Ability to work effectively in a team environment Excellent problem-solving skills About Persistent Systems LLC Persistent Systems is a growing business that develops Mobile Ad hoc Networking (MANET) wireless radio systems for US Government and commercial applications. The radios are typically worn on the person, mounted to manned vehicles, integrated into autonomous unmanned vehicles, or installed at fixed sites. The systems provide on-the-move data, voice, video, and situational awareness capability. Located in the heart of New York City, Persistent Systems is an exciting company that is passionate about delivering cutting edge products. Persistent Systems is committed to equal employment opportunity (EEO). We will not discriminate against employees or applicants in relation to race, creed, color, national origin, sexual orientation, sex, disability, military status, marital status, victims of domestic violence, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws. . \	Embedded Software Engineer	Persistent Systems LLC	New York	NY	New York, NY	StackOverflow Jobs	Wed, 04 Nov 2015 16:04:05 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=4153c4fdee560ee7&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1azoPrxwaKz_apJBDCcCJ9JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke4p8l19rl066
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Do you think about writing beautiful code while eating breakfast? Do you build applications you are proud of and want to tell your friends about them? Are you driven to produce industry leading solutions on a cutting edge platform? Do you get excited about scaling applications to millions of users? Do you appreciate elegant solutions but also know when to build simple first and iterate? Capital One is actively seeking highly creative and intellectually curious Salesforce.com Software Engineers who are passionate about coding, to join our team! This is an opportunity to display knowledge of your craft by having a hand in leveraging Salesforce and supporting apps to impact the way that Capital One does business. Working within an Agile environment, you will actively participate in story planning and detailed daily standups, while providing input for architectural design decisions, and developing code to meet story acceptance criteria. You will have the opportunity to continuously grow and develop technical knowledge and skills on multiple platforms, as well as educate team members (including BSAs, Scrum Masters and Product Owners) on the capabilities and constraints of technologies. You will be an integral part in advancing the culture of technical excellence within Capital One, and creating experiences to delight of both internal and external customers! Responsibilities: - Work as part of a dynamic team throughout the software development life cycle - Develop code to meet story acceptance criteria - Conduct design and code review to ensure compliance with standards - Estimate level of effort to develop code to meet acceptance criteria - Ensure adherence to continuous improvement practices as required to meet quality / time to market imperatives - Maintain records to document program development and revisions - Provide 3rd level support of software solution as needed - Share best practices and improve processes within and across sprint teams, and mentor more junior engineers - Proactively communicate innovative Salesforce.com capabilities to internal customers as a mean to continually provide vibrant solutions QualificationsBasic Qualifications: - Bachelor Degree or military experience - At least 3 years of experience with Java and Javascript - At least 3 years of experience in Business Process Management and Case Management - At least 2 years of development experience with Salesforce.com - At least 2 years of administration experience with SalesForce.com - At least 1 year experience with Salesforce 1 in an Agile environment Preferred Qualifications: - Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science - SalesForce.com Certified Developer Capital One will consider sponsoring a new qualified applicant for employment authorization for this position.No agencies please. Capital One is an equal opportunity employer committed to diversity in the workplace. Capital One promotes a drug-free workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to gender, race, color, age, national origin, religion, disability, genetic information, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity/assignment, citizenship, pregnancy or maternity, protected veteran status, or any other status protected by applicable national, federal, state or local law. Capital One will consider for employment qualified applicants with a criminal history in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable laws regarding criminal background inquiries, including, to the extent applicable, Article 23-A of the New York Correction Law; San Francisco, California Police Code Article 49, Sections 4901-4920; Newark, New Jersey Ordinance 12-1630; and other applicable federal, state, and local laws and regulations regarding criminal background inquiries. JobTechnologyPrimary LocationUnited States-New York-New York-114 5th Ave (22114)ScheduleFull-timeTravelYes, 10 % of the TimeJob PostingUnposting Date	Software Engineer, Salesforce	Capital One	New York	NY	New York, NY	Capital One	Sat, 24 Oct 2015 17:54:00 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=b0a0d367e5d6fb85&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1azoPrxwaKz_apJBDCcCJ9JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke4p8l19rl066
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	MediaMath's UI engineers are creating a best-in-class web application used by sophisticated digital marketers all over the world. We're using MVC Javascript, HTML templating, compiled CSS3, several battle-tested JS libraries, and a handful of other open-source technologies. Our distributed team has a say in the direction of our product and we work closely with the rest of the Product and Engineering teams to beat the needs of our clients. Due to the vastness of the digital marketing playing field and MediaMath's central role in it, we have the privilege and challenge of building dynamic interfaces that make complex operations simple and safe. Responsibilities: Work in an Agile team on the HTML5, JavaScript, and CSS3 front-end of our campaign management platform Create elegant, testable, and maintainable software Contribute to the design of the UI and the architectural implementation of complex workflows Provide support for day-to-day operational work as needed Qualifications: BA/BS in Computer Science, related degree, or equivalent relevant experience 3+ years of professional software development experience. Experience with front-end technologies: Single Page Applications using Backbone.js or other Model-View templating libraries (like Angular.js or Ember.js) JavaScript and JavaScript libraries including jQuery, Underscore Proficient in HTML5, DOM manipulation and CSS using SASS/SCSS. Strong analytical and problem solving skills Detail-oriented with excellent self-motivation, planning, documentation and communication skills Experience with writing unit tests, deployment scripts, and using utilities like Grunt.js and Phantom.js Comfortable participating in code reviews, asking questions and collaborating with team members Experience working in an Agile/Scrum environments MediaMath is a global technology company that's leading the movement to revolutionize traditional marketing and empowering marketers to unleash the power of goal-based marketing at scale, transparently across the enterprise. Our platform - TerminalOne Marketing Operating System - handles billions of transactions every hour and hundreds of millions of internet users every day, which means every solution must be built to scale. Our breakthroughs create new marketplaces and solve long-standing problems in an industry that is constantly evolving. Our engineers are building the leading technology platform to power the new digital marketing ecosystem, and we are looking for driven, curious innovators to join our team. In achieving their duties and responsibilities, MediaMath employees embody the Math Values of SPACE: Scalable Innovation, Performance, Accountability, Collaboration, and Empowerment. Options: Apply for this job online Apply Refer Email this job to a friend Email Refer a LinkedIn connection Share on your newsfeed	Software Engineer, UI	MediaMath	New York	NY	New York, NY	MediaMath	Tue, 20 Oct 2015 09:13:00 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=6251e6877dad119d&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1azoPrxwaKz_apJBDCcCJ9JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke4p8l19rl066
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	At Capital One, we march to a different beat! While we may be a top-10 bank by deposits, we operate and innovate with the vigor of a start-up. With thousands of employees, we never lose anyone in the shuffle, but celebrate individuals with respect and exceptional benefits. And we don’t just fill positions, but recruit the best and the brightest people that know how to set industry trends and wow our customers. We’re excited to be growing and hiring across the country to build the next generation on sound practices and values so that our philosophy can transcend into our products and services. We hope you join our tremendous team that has helped changed our industry for the better. Geek. Nerd. Tech-junkie. They’re all pet-names to us. And if you share in a passion for all things technology, then you’d be the perfect candidate for the Capital One Commercial Technology team. Daily, you’ll work alongside some of the savviest techies in the business at an internationally recognized company in cool Lab setting in NYC. From advancing our network to assisting the technologically-challenged, you’ll love coming to work every day at one of the “100 Best Companies to Work For.” Do you currently perform as a technical lead on software development projects, but wish you had more responsibility in terms of overall delivery of software components into production? Are you looking to provide team or technical leadership in a large scale, data-driven environment? Capital One is seeking talented thinkers and master engineers who can envision next generation software innovations that will deliver a rich, engaging and unmatched customer experience. In this role, you will design and develop cutting-edge experiences for Capital One customers, using existing and emerging technology platforms. You will be responsible for documenting design decisions and developing software components while adhering to existing process guidelines. You will also act as mentor to junior developers, support QA with in-Sprint testing, and will have ownership during implementation into production. Find out how we will leverage your deep technical experience as part of a growing, dynamic team. Apply today! Capital One is actively seeking experienced Lead Software Engineers with expertise in leading teams on complex and high priority technology projects in the Digital space. The primary responsibility of the Lead Engineer is to lead the technical design and development of cross-functional, multi-platform application systems. In addition, he/she will develop the code and frameworks that the rest of the team will adopt and extend. Successful candidates will have experience as a senior software engineer, as well as leading software designers and developers through Agile design, development and delivery. Responsibilities: - Own the technical design and development of cross-functional, multi-platform application systems. - Perform complex applications programming activities. Codes, tests, and debugs. - Drive tactical delivery for multiple teams. Work with business partners, architects, and other groups to identify technical and functional needs of system and determine priority of needs. - Manage standard system processes and enhancements to system. Ensure that solution design adheres to good software design practices. Accountable for overall solution design quality - Ensure adherence to defined Software Development Life cycle and Architecture strategy and intent. Provide functional, technical, and/or process leadership. . - Work with business systems analysts, project managers, and customers to understand the scope of work, priorities, and requirements for development. - Work with performing teams to deliver new capabilities in business applications and/or remediate issues. Enforce company policies in areas of development methodology, architecture, security, change and configuration management, compliance, and HR. - Analyze, define and document requirements for data, workflow, logical processes, hardware and operating system environment, interfaces with other systems, internal and external checks, controls, and outputs. - Contribute to defining time tables and project plans - Analyze and estimate feasibility, cost, time, and compatibility with hardware and other programs. - Ensure that expected application performance levels are achieved. Coordinate coding, testing, implementation and documentation of solution in an Agile delivery context. - Responsible for key system design and integration decisions; and for communicating decisions to individuals implementing the system. QualificationsBasic Qualifications: - Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering or Information or military experience - At least 8 years of experience in Java software development with multiple “glass” sizes and OS - At least 5 years of experience as lead or manager within software development projects Preferred Qualifications: - Master’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering or Information Systems or military experience - 10+ Years of experience as Senior Java Engineer within complex Digital Technology Projects leading development teams Capital One will consider sponsoring a new qualified applicant for employment authorization for this position.No agencies please. Capital One is an equal opportunity employer committed to diversity in the workplace. Capital One promotes a drug-free workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to gender, race, color, age, national origin, religion, disability, genetic information, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity/assignment, citizenship, pregnancy or maternity, protected veteran status, or any other status protected by applicable national, federal, state or local law. Capital One will consider for employment qualified applicants with a criminal history in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable laws regarding criminal background inquiries, including, to the extent applicable, Article 23-A of the New York Correction Law; San Francisco, California Police Code Article 49, Sections 4901-4920; Newark, New Jersey Ordinance 12-1630; and other applicable federal, state, and local laws and regulations regarding criminal background inquiries. JobTechnologyPrimary LocationUnited States-New York-New York-NYC 299 Park Avenue (22957)ScheduleFull-timeTravelYes, 10 % of the TimeJob PostingUnposting Date	Software Engineer Manager, Java	Capital One	New York	NY	New York, NY	Capital One	Sat, 24 Oct 2015 17:52:00 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=dfab242f8a05f141&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1azoPrxwaKz_apJBDCcCJ9JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke4p8l19rl066
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Position Overview Nanotronics Imaging is looking for smart and passionate software engineers to join our agile engineering team in the development of the world's most technologically advanced nanoimaging solutions. This position will be responsible for software engineering development and the software control of automation hardware. We currently have Software Engineer positions open in both New York and California, all of which report to the Engineering Manager who is located in Brooklyn, NY. We are bringing the nanoscale world within reach by combining high quality off-the-shelf technologies with customized advanced mathematical solutions and artificial intelligence to make nanoimaging fast, accurate and cost-efficient. The solutions we build push the envelope of what can be done, so we need engineers who are highly intelligent, hard-working and creative. A deep understanding of computer science, and experience with C++, SQL, MatLab, and Image Processing will be important for success. Responsibilities Design, implement, test, and debug software applications used for microscopic image acquisition and processing Create innovative algorithms to solve challenging problems for production inspection systems Design programming projects Participate in project meetings Maintain and follow quality assurance procedures Coordinate programming activities with other departments Qualifications Bachelor's degree in Computer Engineering, Computer Science, or related field Experience creating clean, elegant C++ code Experience with object-oriented design Ability to interface hardware and software Ability to grasp high order concepts in physics, microscopy, hardware design, automation, and robotics Experience with computer vision and machine learning a plus Experience with image processing a plus Experience working with an agile team a plus Personal Attributes Strong work ethic Effective communicator Flexible Ability to work on own initiative as well as with a team Detail-oriented About Nanotronics Imaging Nanotronics Imaging is a high-tech, cutting edge, microscopy and software company that delivers rapid testing and analysis solutions to sectors ranging from materials science, and semiconductors to life science and medicine. We are not just technology company but a science and technology company. We bring the brightest minds in physics, optics, robotics, artificial intelligence, and software engineering together in our offices in California, Ohio and New York to do things that have never been done before, and to take those solutions to the market. We are a close-knit team that has fun and are driven by the exciting challenge of developing the most technologically advanced nanoimaging solutions that bring the nanoscale world within reach. As we continue to grow, we are looking for passionate individuals who are smart and ready to tackle challenging work in an innovative environment. Armed with visionary leadership, an outstanding team, and strong financial backing, we are shooting for beyond the limits of light and exploring the world at a whole new level of resolution. Job Type: Full-time Required experience: c++: 1 year Required education: Bachelor's 	Software Engineer	Nanotronics Imaging	Brooklyn	NY	Brooklyn, NY	Indeed	Fri, 23 Oct 2015 19:48:17 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=eaf9aa4098ec8ee7&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1azoPrxwaKz_apJBDCcCJ9JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke4p8l19rl066
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	MediaMath's Financial Platform team provides metering &amp; billing services for MediaMath's products and services. Our applications and services, which range from web applications to big data systems, are used by internal users for tracking product/services usage, and are key to the operations of our business as well as our flagship products. As an engineer on our team, you will have the opportunity to work on applications that are highly essential to the operation of our business. We are seeking a Software Engineer to join our team! Responsibilities: Develop large-scale data processing and analytic solutions to deliver insights to customers with minimal latency Create robust internal and external web services for clients and partners to connect to our platform Quantify and improve test coverage and system performance Provide input and feedback for sprint planning and task estimation Participate in code reviews with other team members Qualifications: BS/MS in Computer Science. 3+ years of professional software development experience, preferrably in a big data setting. Strong understanding of software architecture, OO principles and common design patterns. Experience with Amazon Web Services such as EC2, S3, Redshift. Exposure to programming languages (Python, Ruby, Perl, C++) and Apache Spark is a big plus+. Must possess strong fluency in SQL and familiarity with Linux. Understanding of data warehousing and reporting concepts. "Get it done" attitude. MediaMath is a global technology company that's leading the movement to revolutionize traditional marketing and empowering marketers to unleash the power of goal-based marketing at scale, transparently across the enterprise. Our platform - TerminalOne Marketing Operating System - handles billions of transactions every hour and hundreds of millions of internet users every day, which means every solution must be built to scale. Our breakthroughs create new marketplaces and solve long-standing problems in an industry that is constantly evolving. Our engineers are building the leading technology platform to power the new digital marketing ecosystem, and we are looking for driven, curious innovators to join our team. In achieving their duties and responsibilities, MediaMath employees embody the Math Values of SPACE: Scalable Innovation, Performance, Accountability, Collaboration, and Empowerment. Options: Apply for this job online Apply Refer Email this job to a friend Email Refer a LinkedIn connection Share on your newsfeed	Software Engineer, Financial Platform	MediaMath	New York	NY	New York, NY	MediaMath	Tue, 20 Oct 2015 09:13:00 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=c17383be77e68c1e&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1azoPrxwaKz_apJBDCcCJ9JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke4p8l19rl066
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	You --- Noom is looking for an awesome Software Engineer who's a true team player and passionate about engineering, with tons of programming experience (doesn't matter if it was at Apple or in your mom’s basement) and excellent communication skills. A CS background or degree usually helps a lot, but is not a strict requirement if you really know your stuff. Our Tech -------- At our core, we are a team of great engineers from world-class companies, so we take our tech very seriously. We work to improve our tools and approaches every day -- whether pushing the envelope with automated unit-tests or writing a super-optimized data analysis framework. We don't over-engineer and also don't under-engineer -- just the right tool for the job. We take great pride in our code because we all want to innovate quickly. We build everything from Android software to C++ image recognition, from web UI to pedometer data analysis. Our apps operate off-line, and we have built lots of client-side infrastructure to lazily load and sync data with the server. This allows us to keep the server side relatively simple while still serving millions of users: Spring/Flask, Spring MVC, mySQL/Mongo. We run Hadoop-based machine learning to find out what makes people stick to habits, create online clustering algorithms to match people to their ideal support group, serve millions of users with many terabytes of data, and tackle many difficult challenges ( http://www.quora.com/Noom-company/What-are-some-of-the-engineering-challenges-at-Noom ) every day. Because we are small dev team (17 strong), working at Noom gives you the unique opportunity to both use what we have created and build many more foundational technologies. Our Culture ----------- We have worked hard to build an awesome companyculture ( http://www.noom.com/culture.php ), stealing a bit from Google (many of us are ex-Googlers) and improving on it to become one ofCrain’s “Best Places to Work in NYC 2013” ( http://www.crainsnewyork.com/gallery/20131206/FEATURES/120909999/64 ) Our tech team works with a ton of interesting Noomers and advisers, including our in-house psychologist as well as fitness experts, physicians and researchers. We test our prototypes on sample users, averaging 2 user-tests a day, so you’ll be able to see how real people react to your work and iterate. So unlike most tech companies, you’ll interact with a diverse network of people. After all, we are team of problem solvers, always interested in learning and growing. If you’re worried about being pigeonholed, fear not. You’ll get to choose a mission (usually for 4 - 6 months) and work on the projects you’re interested in. We also have frequent company-wide hackathons. Everyone on the team is a generalist -- we explore new frameworks, and learn them quickly. We like to learn. We are now ready to double the size of our engineering team with some incredible engineers (read on below!). Our Company ----------- Noom, Inc. is a mobile solutions company focused on preventative health. Noom's research-backed products help people achieve real, positive outcomes. Noom was awarded a grant from the National Institutes of Health (NIH) and was also recently selected as one of seven healthcare startups chosen to participate in the 2014 New York Digital Health Accelerator ( http://globenewswire.com/Tracker?data=DvPUraXhoslsKGXRwlIy5idCG421QVvrQs10fsQVoGAr_Z5G0QPBzQHwKLndQqzmbk6-UHguicwM7TjVMQp0KkBKLNRQWufHi_P66vMucDYpvG7WgKa8ojQUtte_Y8_5 ) (NYDHA). Noom's apps boast more than 32 million installs worldwide and its flagship app Noom Coach ( http://globenewswire.com/Tracker?data=x7pI0mj2kMlL5sy0iXAmZQ5cYiBZ6rFpAnmNXZn_kD1z1DggQqcTsmPQBN8iHQ2Z7harrWHTkX8b3wDYzuSoipVJeR1U2lZepA5gBHH45OCOyWUyJWlXuY8fhOG2QTBY ) for Android has been the #1 top grossing Health and Fitness App since 2012 in the Google Play Store. Noom has offices in New York City, Berlin, Seoul and Tokyo. But we need your help -- read on if you think you’ve got the stuff. Our Products ------------ At Noom we tackle some of the world’s biggest problems -- obesity, diabetes and heart disease. We believe the best way to do this is by focusing on nutrition (TechCrunch ( http://techcrunch.com/2013/10/22/health-startup-noom-receives-nih-grant-to-study-smartphone-tech-in-eating-disorder-treatment/ )) and fitness (GigaOm ( http://gigaom.com/2013/06/11/nooms-android-fitness-app-another-example-of-why-smartphones-are-the-original-wearable-computers/ )). More than just counting calories, our mobile software applications offer intelligent, scientifically-backed, customized nutrition- and exercise-coaching designed to impact habits and behavior. Our flagship app, Noom Weight Loss Coach, has been the #1 top grossing health &amp; fitness application since 2012. It achieves the best outcomes in the industry with over 10 pounds lost per paid member. How, you ask? Great question! It has: A coaching engine that generates personalized daily tasks &amp; realtime motivational feedback; The world’s most accurate food database, crowd-sourced by users &amp; instantly searchable; Virtual support groups created using automated clustering technology and tracked using scalable management tools. A focus on simplicity and friendliness, to make all of the above easy to use Many more features focused around guidance &amp; motivation for our users Our Benefits ------------ If you want to learn how a startup really works on the inside, then Noom is the place for you. We have an incredible amount of transparency, with weekly all-company TGIFs where the wine and the information both flow freely (much to our legal counsel’s dismay). Because you’ll have equity in the company and have to make many decisions in your work, it’s important for you to know what’s going on. We have an amazing chef (we love her!) who prepares gourmet lunches every day for all employees (along with afternoon smoothies and random breakfasts and dinners), a lively office with frequent visitors, and a dedicated team who work hard and play hard, with frequent offsites (beach, anyone?) and team outings (from shuffleboard to wine tasting). We also have more cakes than is probably healthy (welcome cakes, birthday cakes, goodbye cakes and cakes just because -- no joke). Plus health insurance (100% paid by Noom) and a 401(k). We also have a $200 wellness budget, which you can spend on everything from triathlon registration fees to massages.	Software Engineer	Noom	New York	NY	New York, NY	Noom	Fri, 30 Oct 2015 19:08:00 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=7edb39f5dd6e7463&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1azoPrxwaKz_apJBDCcCJ9JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke4p8l19rl066
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Client is seeking an experienced Full Stack Software Engineer to join our small, collaborative team building the next generation of expense tools. They are a fast moving team that ships daily and constantly iterates to produce the best tools for our customers. About You: oYou should have experience working with modern web frameworks, knowledge of Node and Express is welcome but not a prerequisite. Technologies: oNode / Express oAWS oMySQL oAngularJS oObjective-C oJava Android SDK Go to http://www.cmp.jobs to see more jobs.	Full Stack Software Engineer	Capital Markets	New York	NY	New York, NY	CMP.jobs	Fri, 30 Oct 2015 11:28:36 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=fb9de509d4b81d0f&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1azoPrxwaKz_apJBDCcCJ9JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke4p8l19rl066
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	We are looking for a skilled software engineer/developer to come join our small team here at one of the largest travel sites in the world. If you see yourself as an all-around talented engineer (and if you're excited about the idea of working at a travel company), then let's talk. What's The Job? As a software engineer part of our team, you will join our small team to help build out a new travel product. We have millions of photos in our system, and we need to build out a system that optimizes how our users interact, view and utilize them. This will be a cutting-edge application that we expect to be central to the company as we continue to grow. There will be new products we aim to develop down the road as the company continues to expand. Your work will be seen by over five million people a day, and you will be working on our parent company's primary codebase. The office is located here in Manhattan near Tribeca/West Village. What Skills Do We Need? Experience with application development (we are pretty open to your technology: Python, Java, Ruby On Rails, PHP, etc...) It would be great if you have Javascript skills Compensation $125,000 - $145,000 Full Benefits Extensive Travel Benefits (Time Off and Discounts) 401(k) Stock Options Medical, Vision and Disability Insurance Who Are We? Quite simply, we are one of the largest travel companies in the world. Founded in 2000, we quickly grew into a leader in the industry, and we now operate over two dozen travel brands. For this role, you will be working here in our New York City office at one of our premiere brands. As far as culture goes, we have built an open and collaborative environment and we hire the people we want to work with (not just the ones with the right qualifications). We also look for people that think differently than us and who challenge the status quo. We empower our people, and give them the support and autonomy needed to succeed. We embrace data to make decisions and overcome obstacles, and we choose speed over perfection, but not at the expense of quality. What's In It For You? When you join our team, you will have the opportunity to combine your love of exceptional software engineering and development with travel. You will also get the chance to have your work seen and used by millions of people and some of the top travel brands in the industry. Most importantly, you will join an organization that puts a strong emphasis on work-life balance and long-term happiness. In the end, we know happy employees are good employees, and we want to make sure you are both!	Software Engineer For Major Travel Site	Averity	New York	NY	New York, NY	Averity	Fri, 06 Nov 2015 22:19:40 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=c2ea8ab9d6a789e3&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1azoPrxwaKz_apJBDCcCJ9JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke4p8l19rl066
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Software Engineer Ready to hire! Multiple openings! Fantastic opportunity with a very successful company with cutting-edge technology and a staff consisting of many of the brightest technical talent in the world. Prefer Will relocate the right candidate. Master’s degree from a top computer science program with a GPA of 3.5 or higher. PhD preferred. Top computer science program preferred (Carnegie Mellon University, Massachusetts Institute of Technology/MIT, Stanford University, University of California-Berkeley, Cornell University, University of Illinois-Urbana-Champaign, Princeton University, University of Washington, University of Texas-Austin, Georgia Institute of Technology, California Institute of Technology, University of Wisconsin-Madison, University of Michigan-Ann Arbor, etc. Responsibilities: -Tackle the hardest problems through analysis, experimentation, design, and elegant implementation. -Build what the organization needs to explore data's possibilities and act on findings. Qualifications: -Master’s degree, at minimum, from a top computer science program with a GPA of 3.5 or higher. PhD preferred. -Exceptional programming skills. -Experience with C or languages that target the JVM. -Knowledge of kernel level development. -Knowledge of machine learning. -Knowledge of distributed systems. -Experience in large-scale systems is highly desirable. -Strong analytical and organizational skills. Jobs, New York City, Manhattan, Software Engineer, Software Developer, Carnegie Mellon, Massachusetts Institute of Technology, MIT, Stanford, Berkeley, Cornell, University of Illinois, Princeton, University of Washington, Georgia Institute of Technology, California Institute of Technology, University of Wisconsin, University of Michigan	Software Engineer	GinasTechJobs.com	New York	NY	New York, NY	GinasTechJobs.com	Wed, 04 Nov 2015 18:24:55 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=73854d4e2bac3a5c&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1azoPrxwaKz_apJBDCcCJ9JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke4p8l19rl066
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	LGS Innovations, a leader in solving the most complex networking and communications challenges, is seeking a Software Wireless Protocols Engineer II for our Florham Park, NJ or; Herndon, VA; Tampa, FL. location. Under general direction, develop advanced protocol processing and processing algorithms for unique applications. The programs are for applied research and technology in an advanced networking and communication organization that supports U.S. Government DoD, Civilian, and Advanced Programs communities. LGS Innovations solves the most complex networking and communications challenges facing the U.S. Federal Government, state and local governments, foreign governments, and commercial organizations worldwide. LGS delivers groundbreaking research, and advanced networking and communications solutions that provide an information advantage that contributes to the mission and operational success of its customers. LGS Innovations is a U.S.-owned company headquartered in Herndon, Virginia, with offices nationwide. We provide our employees with competitive compensation packages and a full range of benefits, including vacation, medical, dental, life insurance, a 401(k) plan, tuition assistance, and an Employee Assistance Program (EAP). Roles and Responsibilities: Apply and perform systems analysis, modeling and simulation of processing systems and demonstrate systems via simulated and/or real data input Perform functional analysis, performance analysis and synthesis of protocol implementations (including physical transmission convergence and higher layer) for Radio and Core Access Technologies Conceptualize, define, design and prototype systems engineering solutions Travel to other LGS Locations or Customer Sites as necessary Understand and adhere to all LGS Ethical and Compliance policies Proactively ensure a safe work environment and adhere to LGS EH&amp;S policies and procedures Perform other duties as required Obtain/retain a government security clearance at the level required to perform the duties of the position Qualifications Basic Qualifications: To be considered for this position, you must minimally meet the knowledge, skills, and abilities listed below: Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or Electrical Engineering and 2-4 years of experience or an equivalent combination of skills, education and experience. Working knowledge of radio access, core network, interface protocol and the call flows over these interfaces Experience in 3GPP/IEEE/ANSI/ITU/ETSI Wireless and Trunked mobile radio protocols and survey tools Demonstrated ability to rapidly prototype protocols and applications Demonstrated knowledge of object oriented architecture, programming and programming methods Knowledge of HOL such as C, C++ and associated development frameworks Experience with Linux Demonstrated ability to leverage open source programs, rapid integration methods, web interfaces and services implementation, XML implementation methods Object oriented architecture, programming and programming methods required Demonstrated experience or knowledge of software methods – from those that are highly formal requiring extensive documentation and reviews to ‘extreme’ programming techniques Excellent communication and interpersonal skills Knowledge of Microsoft software applications and other software applications as required Must be able to obtain and maintain a Security Clearance (US citizenship is a prerequisite) 	Software Wireless Protocols Engineer II	LGS Innovations	Florham Park	NJ	Florham Park, NJ	LGS Innovations	Sat, 17 Oct 2015 06:36:00 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=8b3a2b9a1e1ce59c&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1azoPrxwaKz_apJBDCcCJ9JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke4p8l19rl066
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Hope you are doing good!!We have an urgent job opportunity for Software Engineer- Web Applications at Multiple locations.. If you are interested please send me your updated word resume. Position: Software Engineer - Web Applications Location: New York Long term/Direct hire What you need: Proficiency in Ruby on Rails and JavaScript Experience in web-based development (HTTP, AJAX, REST, JSON) Familiarity with the Unix command line environment . Experience with pure HTML and CSS, as well as server-side rendering engines Experience with Node.js, Backbone.js, Angular JS Experience designing and manipulating SQL databases Contributions to open source software projects Experience building user interfaces that support analytics and interactive data visualization Job Type: Full-time Required experience: 4: 1 year Required education: Bachelor's 	Software Engineer - Web Applications	Comtech LLC	New York	NY	New York, NY	Indeed	Fri, 06 Nov 2015 20:36:35 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=012e8eecd5ac9a96&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1azoPrxwaKz_apJBDCcCJ9JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke4p8l19rl066
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	A Better Company Mortgages are needlessly complex. It's a broken industry and the consumer experience is far behind the curve. We decided to fix this, so we bought an existing bank, hired experienced mortgage professionals to work with accomplished engineers and designers, and started building. Our mission: leverage advances in technology and design to make buying a home simple, transparent, and delightful. We are Better, the hassle-free mortgage that saves people time and money. A Better Opportunity Help us hack a ten trillion dollar industry by building a product that will positively impact millions of people. Our company is still small, and you will be a big part of defining the technical direction and culture. We offer highly competitive compensation and full benefits, as well as meaningful equity. We also provide yummy lunch every day (today is Korean BBQ!). Better People Open source authors of popular projects like Luigi ( https://github.com/spotify/luigi ) and Holder ( https://github.com/imsky/holder ) Alumni of Spotify, Google, Founders Fund, and Microsoft A Head of Engineering who writes a fun blog ( http://erikbern.com/ ) A Head of Product who builds cool stuff ( http://www.filosophy.org/labs/ ) Better Technology We ship code daily Node.js for the main API, using Express Python for services, using Flask and Gunicorn running on Python 3.4 Ember.js, Bootstrap, and SCSS on the frontend ES6 across the stack and Bluebird for promises MongoDB as the data store with an upcoming Postgres migration Fabric, Ansible, and Packer for deployment and dev ops AWS for infrastructure, leveraging EC2, S3, CloudFront, and Route53 Better Projects You Could Own Use tools like D3 to guide consumers through the biggest purchase in their lives Use machine learning for home valuations, pricing risk, and fraud detection Build a real time notification system to notify the borrower of updates Experiment with tools to do OCR on documents If you’re interested in solving complex problems that have a real world impact, get in touch!	Software Engineer	Better	New York	NY	New York, NY	Better	Fri, 23 Oct 2015 01:50:45 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=83ddc976c847ec8b&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1azoPrxwaKz_apJBDCcCJ9JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke4p8l19rl066
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Job ID: 3113062 Full/Part-Time: Full-time Regular/Temporary: Regular Listed: 2015-08-12 Location: New York, United States of America A Passion to Perform. It’s what drives us. More than a claim, this describes the way we do business. We’re committed to being the best financial services provider in the world, balancing passion with precision to deliver superior solutions for our clients. This is made possible by our people: agile minds, able to see beyond the obvious and act effectively in an ever-changing global business landscape. As you’ll discover, our culture supports this. Diverse, international and shaped by a variety of different perspectives, we’re driven by a shared sense of purpose. At every level agile thinking is nurtured. And at every level agile minds are rewarded with competitive pay, support and opportunities to excel. Group Technology &amp; Operations: Technology Our Technology team pioneers technologies and re-engineers business processes to deliver exceptional levels of innovation and world-class client service. From moving trillions of Euros through a business every day to integrating two organizations after a major acquisition, we face the technological challenges caused by growth, market change and constant competition. With award-winning mobile banking apps and trading systems, our technology platforms help Deutsche Bank deliver best-in-class products to clients. Naturally, we make sure that the phones work, emails are delivered and PCs run - but we also develop innovative collaboration platforms and workspaces that help our people share their knowledge, their expertise and their passion for our business. Developments in technology are changing the way we communicate, work and even think. Join us here, and you’ll constantly be looking ahead. We’ll look to you to capitalize on new technological trends that can reshape our business and deliver value for our clients, whilst still meeting the demands of customers, regulators and the markets. Position Overview Role &amp; Responsibilities: CB&amp;S Core Trading Technology delivers reusable shared technology and services across CB&amp;S trading divisions. The team works closely with each of the business areas to engineer and continually enhance the Bank’s frameworks for Algorithmic Trading, Order Management, Trade Booking and Allocations. This includes the underlying technology solutions for market connectivity, real time market data distribution, time-series capture, storage, and historical query and devops tooling. Key responsibilities: Designs and develops new and enhanced functionality for capturing, manipulating and publishing large quantities of market and trading information from a variety of sources and protocols. Works with development team to fix and optimize existing data flows according to the project development lifecycle. Engages with business and technical stakeholders to understand requirements and to drive the highest quality capture of time-series data. Participate in analyzing data quality issues and provide expert knowledge to the local support teams to actively fix real-time issue resolution Provides data expertise to business &amp; functional analysts and development teams during project lifecycle Interacts with clients (Business &amp; Technology) to adopt data and leverage functionality across strategic technology platforms Provides expertise to development teams to enable self-service data management tools Enforces strategic usage of data and functionality within the platform Works with Business and development teams to enable new data sources within the platform as required. Manages configurations to enable additional content to be added or created by the system Authorizes additional data sets across the platform, both internal and external application feeds Works with data development team to provide functional requirements and specifications to build content management tools Skills &amp; Qualifications: Experience in analyzing, manipulating, transforming, and interpreting large amounts of data Experience of working with and understanding of market data / transaction data Experience of data feeds and their usage within the application environment Understanding of messaging protocols such as JMS/Tibco/LBM Working knowledge of UNIX, Linux Working knowledge of RDBMS/SQL Experience of Q (KDB+), R, a plus At Deutsche Bank, we are proud to be an Equal Opportunity/ Affirmative Action (M/F/D/V) employer.	Software Development Engineer	Deutsche Bank	New York	NY	New York, NY	Deutsche Bank	Mon, 19 Oct 2015 04:43:00 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=8f61f518cc7c6c1d&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1azoPrxwaKz_apJBDCcCJ9JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke4p8l19rl066
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	We are looking for a Senior Software Engineer that will contribute to development and help us shape the core product. We are considering React.js or Angular.js, Bootstrap, jQuery, HTML5 and CSS3/LESS. The backend is written in .NET MVC and Web API. Qualified candidate will be… Responsible for designing and developing user friendly and great looking interfaces Experience with Data Access interfaces Produce wireframes, prototypes, HTML/CSS and JavaScript front-ends Able to contribute to all parts of the code stack Research and propose new techniques and methodologies Train the team on best practices, patterns, and techniques Work closely with the engineering, business and user experience teams to implement user stories Qualifications We are looking for someone passionate about building great web products with a deep understanding of user interface design. Required Skills: Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or related field Minimum 6-8 years of software development experience Ability to create complete interfaces from concept and business requirements Expert knowledge of JavaScript and Frameworks, HTML, CSS3 and web standards Experience with React or Angular, jQuery C#, MVC web frameworks and RESTful APIs Expert knowledge of front-end performance and best practices Excellent listening, verbal and communication skills in English Preferred Skills: Experience with one or more back-end programming languages (.NET preferred, Java, Python etc.) Experience with source control tools (Git, Subversion, TFS, etc.) Positive, self-starter attitude and desire to exceed expectations at every opportunity Attention to detail and absolute focus on quality of work Ability to solve complicated problems with simple solutions Desire to learn and improve every day Department/Team The Engineering team is a very start-up like feel with the benefits of a very stable financial company. We practice agile development (fast iterations, continuous integration, automated testing and build process). We enjoy working together and have the same goal of building and shipping great products, and we want others with the same goal to join us. The team is responsible for building the next generation version of a web application used by governments and companies all over the world. Our office is located in downtown Manhattan in a brand new building. To learn more about the types of products we work on visit www.moodysanalytics.com . #LI-WC1	Senior Software Engineer (JS Frameworks & Web Services)	Moody's Corporation	New York	NY	New York, NY	Moody's Corporation	Tue, 03 Nov 2015 02:26:00 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=3221aaf57c7aea80&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1azoPrxwaKz_apJBDCcCJ9JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke4p8l19rl066
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Client needs a Principal Engineer to drive their elite dev team toward an even brighter future. This role is for a highly experienced engineer with a tireless devotion to good system design across the entire stack. From data storage / retrieval / manipulation to consumer APIs and client template renderers, you’ll care deeply about all of it and push us toward perfection. What’s required: oA passion for huge, scalable systems (i.e. you read HighScalability for fun) and stellar design (i.e. bad design makes you physically ill) oFocus: Be able to follow a design through implementation and release. oInsatiable attention to detail. If something works and you don’t know why, you should be A) alarmed and B) driven to investigate. oExhaustive understanding of inversion of control / dependency injection. You should be able to design, implement, and unit test a system with ease. oMentorship: Not satisfied with just getting the job done, you should really enjoy helping your peers hone their skills. Go to http://www.cmp.jobs to see more jobs.	Principal Software Engineer	Capital Markets	New York	NY	New York, NY	CMP.jobs	Fri, 30 Oct 2015 11:28:36 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=a8317496823918ed&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1azoPrxwaKz_apJBDCcCJ9JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke4p8l19rl066
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Knewton is on a mission to personalize education for students around the world. Education companies worldwide use the Knewton infrastructure platform to power course materials that dynamically adapt to each student’s unique needs. At Knewton, we use small, cross-functional teams to solve difficult challenges with real-world implications. Teams comprise a range of technical, mathematical, educational, and design specialists unified by a passion for improving education. Knewton was founded in 2008 and has offices in New York City and London. Investments top $105M from well-known angel investors plus Accel, Bessemer, First Round Capital, Firstmark, Founders Fund, GSV, and Atomico. This is an outstanding opportunity to: Build innovative data exploration and analysis systems to monitor and improve student outcomes on Knewton's industry-leading adaptive learning platform. Tackle challenging problems and ensure that students learn in an engaging way across dozens of enterprise platform integrations featuring diverse content domains. Work alongside a highly skilled team of data scientists, analysts, pedagogy experts, and engineers integrating with services that power our adaptive learning platform. Organize informative views of student behavior and product function using effective API designs and UIs. Assure quality delivery of new statistical modeling techniques and deliver Knewton platform integrations to millions of students worldwide. Push the envelope on processes used to validate and extend statistical-inference-based systems. Be challenged and rewarded working with an outstanding team on problems that improve student learning outcomes every day. You will developing primarily in Python using effective best practices including code reviews, unit tests, integration tests, and agile, team-driven execution. Engineers must have: Demonstrated full-time professional software development expertise in one or more of the following- C/C++, JVM based, C#, or similar Intermediate or above experience using Python for a large software project Excellent ability to understand human processes and synthesize software tools requirements Excellent project design and execution skills Leadership on development best practices Not required, but nice-to-haves: IPython Notebooks and Python tools development experience a plus Frontend web development experience a plus SOA, RPC, socket programming a plus QA or system test experience a plus Perks include: Competitive salary, great benefits, and equity Flexible hours, no vacation policy, and paid maternity/paternity leave High-quality equipment (default: a new Macbook Pro with a giant monitor) Frequent guest speakers and tech/edtech Meetups hosted at Knewton HQ Social groups and sports teams Free dinner every weeknight in the office, all-day snacks, and a full bar Free monthly MetroCards/PATH cards	Senior Software Engineer	Knewton	New York	NY	New York, NY	Bessemer Venture Partners	Sat, 17 Oct 2015 06:58:00 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=a4e16ec79b994797&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1azoPrxwaKz_apJBDCcCJ9JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke4p8l19rl066
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	About the Team AppNexus offers one of the most powerful client-facing products in the online advertising industry: AppNexus Console. Our team is tasked with building an intuitive and simple interface on top of our complex and powerful systems. Our clients rely on our front-end applications to easily operate and expand their businesses, and efficiently buy and sell online advertising inventory. Equally important is our visualization of clients’ data, supporting their needs by displaying information to help understand how their business is performing and how they can better perform. Consider Some of the Problems You Will Try to Solve Data Visualization: We create critical charting and visualizations that are backed by reporting &amp; data aggregations from the industry’s largest data sets. We communicate relevant data points with intuitive charts and sufficient context to help our customers make the right multimillion dollar decisions daily. Current projects include streaming near-real-time data to our clients in order to give them insight into campaign performance. Permissions-Based UI : How do we build a dynamic UI that appears as a custom product for each client? We are shifting from building multiple UIs to building a single UI with permissions-based features that are contract-dependent and appear differently based on which user is logged in. Modular: We follow modular design patterns, making our components reusable and configurable to support modified UIs based on comparable use cases. We have an in-house framework built to support reusability and rapid prototyping. We take advantage of object-oriented design so that we only have to write code once, test it once, and have it Prototype to Production: As a bold company where Engineers work right alongside Product Managers, we go from iterating &amp; validating a new concept with beta customers to developing it into production-quality code. Our challenge is to create new interfaces that are intuitive for first-time users and arm them with the capabilities they need to control the micro details of their businesses. New Tools : In order to support our agile development process we’ve built tools such as a client-side persistence API that allows us to store data without making changes to our production database schema. We’ve also developed an event-tracking tool in node.js for monitoring feature usage and a client-side API proxy for quick retrieval of data models. About the Job Develop new features for Console, the GUI to our advertising technology platform. Architect, implement &amp; test new features and system components Debug issues in our production application Write efficient and maintainable code including automated tests for business critical components Work in a large cross functional engineering team to implement end-to-end solutions Collaborate with Product Managers with diverse technology backgrounds About Your Skills BA/BS degree and 6+ years of experience in software engineering OR MS degree and 2+ years of experience (Degree in Computer Science or related field preferred) Strong knowledge of and an interest in JavaScript along with server-side web development languages such as PHP, Python, Ruby, Node.js and Java Experience with JavaScript frameworks such as Angular.js, React.js, and Ember.js Knowledge of computer science fundamentals Object-Oriented programming, design and asynchronous and event-driven development Passion for engineering and computer science that solves user-facing problems More About You You are passionate about a culture of learning and teaching. You love challenging yourself to constantly improve, and sharing your knowledge to empower others You like to take risks when looking for novel solutions to complex problems. If faced with roadblocks, you continue to reach higher to make greatness happen You care about solving big, systemic problems. You look beyond the surface to understand root causes so that you can build long-term solutions for the whole ecosystem You believe in not only serving customers, but also empowering them by providing knowledge and tools Want to know more about AppNexus? Explore the links below to learn about our values, why we like to work here, and how we hire.	Senior Software Engineer, Front End	AppNexus	New York	NY	New York, NY	AppNexus	Tue, 27 Oct 2015 09:02:00 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=6cba0c0d618be3b0&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1azoPrxwaKz_apJBDCcCJ9JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke4p8l19rl066
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Software Engineer - Salesforce American Express New York, NY api testing background The successful candidate will participate in a highly motivated team responsible for global technology solutions within the GCPT Salesforce Growth Program. This is the chance to work on a cloud-based top-tier platform, explore new technologies and truly drive tremendous business opportunities. Develops and tests software, including ongoing code refactoring to drive continuous improvement in code structure &amp; quality Functions as a core member of an Agile/iterative development team: driving user story analysis &amp; elaboration, designing and developing software applications, building automated tests and conducting QA Applies visualization and other techniques to fast track concepts Owns a list of technical requirements that need to be included in product backlog based on industry trends, new technologies, known defects &amp; issues Primary focus is spent writing code, API specs, conducting code reviews doing proof of concepts, and testing in ongoing sprints Liaises with technical product owner to help prioritize items in backlog for ongoing sprints Identifies opportunities to adopt innovative technologies Embodies “rebel with a cause” mentality by looking beyond the obvious for continuous improvement opportunities Work on enterprise wide strategies/initiatives and contribute towards Salesforce COE Labs Offer of employment with American Express is conditioned upon the successful completion of a background verification check, subject to applicable laws and regulations. Qualifications 3+ years software development experience Familiar with Agile or other rapid application development methods Hands-on expertise with application design, software development and automated testing Experience collaborating with the business to drive requirements / agile story analysis Ability to effectively interpret technical and business objectives and challenges, and articulate solutions Ability to think abstractly and deal with ambiguous/under-defined problems Ability to enable business capabilities through innovation Looks proactively beyond the obvious for continuous improvement opportunities High energy, demonstrated willingness to learn new technologies Experience in Force.com platform (Apex, Visualforce Pages etc.) Integration experience using Apex Dataloader or ETL tool. Experience with AppExchange apps. Experience with web services and API development, as well as SOA concepts Experience with implementing integrated automated release management using tools, technologies, and frameworks Preferred Additional : Ability to learn new technologies and embrace the challenge learning presents A self starter, comfortable talking through requirements in detail with business partners Strong and current knowledge of web standards, emerging technologies and trends Ability to think abstractly and deal with ambiguous/under-defined problems Ability to enable business capabilities through innovation An excellent communicator, both verbally and written Educational requirement : A BS or MS degree in computer science, computer engineering or other technical discipline, or equivalent work experience American Express is an equal opportunity employer and makes employment decisions without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, disability status, or any other status protected by law.“ Click here to view the “ EEO is the Law ” poster. If the link does not work, please copy and paste the following URL in ReqID: 15013581 \	Software Engineer - Salesforce	American Express	New York	NY	New York, NY	StackOverflow Jobs	Tue, 03 Nov 2015 09:59:03 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=31b446fbae14efc3&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1azoPrxwaKz_apJBDCcCJ9JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke4p8l19rl066
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	At KPMG, we believe our people are our main and most integral resource. The KPMG culture is rooted in our values; our integrity and policy of open and honest communication builds trust and collaboration, while our flexibility and diversity creates a culture in which people share knowledge freely, and bring out the very best in each other. Our business services groups consist of professionals with a wide range of skills and backgrounds. We are currently seeking a Qlikview Visualization Software Engineer, to join our New York office with other locations considered. Responsibilities: Rapidly iterate, prototype, and implement visualizations in QlikView or other leading tools (Tableau, D3, etc.) that meet client visualization needs, considering composition, color, texture, and optimizing the depth and information density for the target user Act as the US QlikView Champion through the communication and demonstration of QlikView capabilities and use cases to internal and external users Develop and deliver QlikView instructor-led and web-based training materials to address varied training needs throughout the organization Develop strong working relationship with multiple personnel in various roles at QlikView to enhance KPMG's relationship with the company Work in cross-disciplinary teams with KPMG industry specialists, data scientists, and software engineers to gauge client needs for consuming analytics, understand user profiles, competencies, and priorities Utilize analytics to explore data, and identify key trends and insights from multi-faceted, and high-dimensional data, and work with data scientists to create diagnostic, predictive, and prescriptive insights Qualifications: Bachelor's degree from an accredited college/university with five years of experience, or a Master's degree from an accredited college/university with three years of experience, in Information Design, Interaction Design, User Experience, Human Computer Interaction, Informatics, Data Science, Computer Science, or a similar field Deep QlikView development and deployment experience Comprehensive understanding of visual composition and visualizations Excellent communication skills and presentation skills Ability to perform data tasks, working with a variety of SQL, NoSQL, and HDFS data stores, and preparing data for visualization Client service experience preferred, but not required KPMG offers a comprehensive compensation and benefits package. No phone calls or agencies please. One Firm. One Team. Countless Opportunities. KPMG, an equal opportunity employer/disability/veteran. KPMG maintains a drug-free workplace. KPMG will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable local, state or federal law (including San Francisco Ordinance number 131192).	Qlikview Visualization Software Engineer	KPMG	New York	NY	New York, NY	KPMG LLP	Fri, 16 Oct 2015 09:19:00 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=6aacd47024591366&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1azoPrxwaKz_apJBDCcCJ9JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke4p8l19rl066
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	A Software Engineer at Terakeet is responsible for building and evolving sophisticated Rails applications that are used internally to manage a variety of business processes. Our proprietary systems are a major competitive advantage in our industry, and they are constantly growing to support new features and integrate with new technologies and 3rd party APIs. Work in an entrepreneurial environment where your work has a direct impact on the success of the business. Responsibilities: Involved in the entire development process from design to specification to implementation Build, design and code new features and enhancements for an in house proprietary application Participate in all aspects of project-life cycle Preferred Skills and Attributes Include: Minimum Qualifications: BA/BS in Computer Science or equivalent 2+ years of web development experience using Ruby on Rails required Experience designing, maintaining, and optimizing database applications. MySQL preferred. Knowledge of contemporary HTML, CSS, JS, and JQuery best practices Experience coding in a UNIX environment Excellent technical communication skills Preferred Qualifications: Expert in Ruby/Rails development Experience with Java development Experience using SOAP or REST web services Strong object-oriented programming and design skills Experience configuring and deploying LAMP web servers Familiarity with Agile development practices Experience contributing to projects in the open-source community A good sense of humor Compensation &amp; Benefits Include: Salary commensurate with ability and experience Health Insurance Dental &amp; Vision Insurance 401k w/Company Matching Parking Allowance Company Sponsored Gym Membership Company Discretionary Bonus Plan 	Software Engineer	Terakeet	New York	NY	New York, NY	Terakeet	Wed, 14 Oct 2015 21:43:01 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=0a710852f47fde7e&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1azoPrxwaKz_apJBDCcCJ9JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke4p8l19rl066
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	About LiveAuctioneers LiveAuctioneers is the leading marketplace for fine art, collectibles, furniture, and jewelry. Our mission is to create a trusted platform which creates enduring value for Bidders, Collectors and Auction Houses through smart application of modern technology. What the job is LiveAuctioneers is growing toward a REST-based service oriented architecture. We're looking for an engineer to join us to help build this system. Right now we build using PHP hosted in AWS via ECS &amp; Docker talking to an Aurora cluster using RabbitMQ for decoupled systems. We're keen on building new stuff in Go storing our data in Postgres and "leaning into" the AWS feature set. Experience in our exact stack is not a requirement, we're looking for a person who is a curious doer. And since we're a distributed team, your location is where you want to be, though we do get together in NYC from time to time. Who are you You are a person who thrives working well with others across all diciplines of work. We're a small company, that uses small team approach so it's important to ask questions when you're stuck, support your teammates with answers in turn.You care very much about testing, monitoring, metrics and especially about delivering software. Benefits We offer competitive compensation, great benefits, budget for building a good development setup. We promote a healthy Life/Work balance and believe in celebrating our successes together.	Software Engineer	LiveAuctioneers	New York	NY	New York, NY	LIVEauctioneers	Sat, 10 Oct 2015 04:11:00 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=43c0992a08e52c25&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1azoPrxwaKz_apJBDCcCJ9JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke4p8l19rl066
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	The ideal candidate will have a 5+ years of solid software development experience with expert knowledge of interfacing with telecommunication carriers’ and/or third-­‐party vendors’ systems through standard technologies such as web services, XML, EDI, sftp and ftp. You also need to be a great communicator and team player as you bridge the gap between design, requirements and a growing code base. You stay up to date on emerging technologies and trends and can understand how they could be applied here at Mettel. Responsibilities Design software as a service (SaaS) products and self-­‐service portal for telecommunication clients. Collaborate with product management and members of development teams to deliver high quality, high performance and extremely user-­‐friendly products. Work closely with the software development team and other internal users to address production issues. Use creative problem-­‐solving and analytical skills to develop solutions. Communicate complex technical information in a concise and articulate manner. Desired Skills and Experience B.S. or M.S. in computer science or a related field. 5+ years of experience in Microsoft.Net, C#, Microsoft Web API, Microsoft Transact-­‐SQL, XML, JSON and Web services (REST and SOAP). Solid experience in OO design and development best practices. Extensive experience in designing, implementing and testing APIs and system interface components that interact with telecommunication carriers and/or third-­‐party vendors. Extensive experience in collaborating with product management and members of development teams to deliver high quality, high performance and extensible system components. The ability to work on multiple tasks, prioritizing and organizing these tasks to maximize productivity A passion for solving problems and software development Demonstrated experience in Agile / Scrum development methods. Send resume to MetTel at Career@mettel.net.	Lead Software Engineer	MetTel	New York	NY	New York, NY	MetTel	Tue, 13 Oct 2015 05:07:14 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=a2404540c0454eca&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2uvk5stfx__KUAKOkjjjUVJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke4tb019rj28s
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Artsy's Engineering team has an exciting opportunity for a Full Stack Growth Engineer. This role will focus primarily on driving business growth via marketing tools and other web and mobile technologies. ARTSY JOBS AUG 26TH, 2015 1:51 PM THE ROLE You will have a direct and significant impact on Artsy's revenue-building ability, and on how we deliver Artsy to millions of people worldwide. What we are looking for: Deep engineering fundamentals (full-stack, 4+ years) Experience building full stack web applications Experience with HTML / CSS, Ruby, Javascript, jQuery Experience with databases (MongoDB, Redshift, etc.) Values automated testing and architecting code that is maintainable for the long run ABOUT YOU You're a versatile, multi-hat-wearing full stack software engineer. You've worked with large web-based systems and a variety of databases. You have experience combining APIs and other data sources to build powerful tools, and you are interested in deriving meaningful insights from vast data. In short, you're an extremely strong generalist who loves picking up the project with the greatest potential for immediate impact on the business. You will help drive Artsy's continued growth by: Planning &amp; building internal applications that leverage external APIs Supporting data gathering automation and structuring Integrating and building new marketing and analytics tools to support new growth projects You are the kind of person who: Has a strong passion for growth projects Has a bias towards action and rapid iteration Has experience with testing and validation Has a good eye for product and usability Enjoys solving technical problems creatively Wants to serve as a resource for others, and learn from them OUR STACK Artsy has 35 services and applications in production. Check out this post about our tech stack. WHAT IS ARTSY In a sentence, Artsy is like Pandora for the fine art world. Our mission is to make the the world's art easily accessible to anyone with an Internet connection. By increasing access, we believe we can expand the art market and get more people educated and passionate about fine art. ARTSY'S CULTURE AND WORK ENVIRONMENT At its core, Artsy is a technology company. In addition to the engineering team, both the CEO and COO have technical backgrounds (Computer Science from Princeton, and Mathematics from Columbia). Our ultimate goal is to create Artificial Intelligence with the qualities of the world's most omniscient art advisor. To create an awesome UX we employ cutting-edge technologies such as Node.js, Backbone.js, Coffeescript, Haml, Sass, Ruby on Rails, and MongoDB; but when we can't find a technology that does what we need,we create one. We write our own open-source projects and contribute them back to the community. There are no set hours or holidays, no pointless bureaucracy. Work whenever you want, wherever you want. That's the beauty of hiring world-class people, they deliver incredible results and are wonderful to work with — what else matters? Our downtown Manhattan office has stunning 360 degree views of New York. You can see the horizon in all 4 directions, the iconic midtown and downtown skylines, the Hudson and East rivers. We have super-value-add investors and advisors including: Peter Thiel, Jack Dorsey, Eric Schmidt, Joe Kennedy (CEO of Pandora), Charlie Cheever (Quora founder), Alexis O'Hanian (Reddit founder), Keith Rabois (COO Square), Founder Collective, Dave Morin (Path founder), Wendi Murdoch, Dasha Zhukova, and Thrive Capital. At Artsy, we are bringing art, science, design, and engineering together. We hire engineers who are creative and empathetic, and we hire art historians who can think analytically and make data-informed decisions. We want to help users find, discover, and fall in love with art. If you do too, please drop us a line and include some links to what you've built: fsse_growth@artsy.net. SHARE THIS ARTICLE	Full Stack Software Engineer, Growth	Artsy	New York	NY	New York, NY	Artsy	Thu, 22 Oct 2015 20:55:33 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=b27f168e00689109&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2uvk5stfx__KUAKOkjjjUVJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke4tb019rj28s
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Our team is responsible for the architecture, development and scaling of our platforms that power thousands of customers and millions of integrations and APIs in the cloud. We’re a small but effective team with a track record of high impact. Our developers make substantial contributions to open source projects. We also have frequent meetups and hackathons to keep developers engaged with new ideas. We’re agile and move fast. If you are interested in solving some of the most complex distributed systems problems such as cloud messaging, distributed caching, identity management, reliability, cloud-to-ground connectivity, and global load balancing, we are the right team to join. About the Position: You will create one of the most innovative developer platforms in technology today—a platform used by hundreds of thousands of developers in some of the biggest companies on the planet. As a software engineer in our team you will tackle some of technologies most challenging problems spanning cloud infrastructure, massively distributed systems and cutting edge web applications with missions of users. Contribute to open source, work with great people, move fast and have a huge impact. About You: First and foremost, we’re looking for smart engineers who can get stuff done. Great engineering skills, strong CS fundamentals and elegance in your work Expert in at least one language and excited to learn others—our engineers have all kinds of backgrounds, including Java, C++, Python and JavaScript Strong sense of ownership of the work you do Experience building great products and proven track record of solving problems creatively Innovative and fearless fast learners who are versatile team players Technical degree from a top university and a high GPA can be used in lieu of work experience Core Values Innovation. We’re looking for software engineers who like to explore, come up with new ideas and think outside the box. Your ideas and breakthroughs are key in helping us develop new product ideas and create new market opportunities Open Source Contributions. We got our start years ago with the open source project. Today we continue to be big believers of open development, leveraging open source technologies and making many open source contributions back to the community. Ideally, you like to do the same Fast learner. We’re looking for software engineers who thrive on learning new technologies and don’t believe in one-size-fits-all solutions. You should be able to adapt easily to meet the needs of our massive growth and rapidly evolving business environment Strong architecture chops. You know how to build highly scalable, robust, and fault-tolerant services that support our unique rate-of-growth requirements. You stay up-to-date with the latest architectural trends A team player. You believe that you can achieve more on a team—that the whole is greater than the sum of its parts. You rely on others’ candid feedback for continuous improvement Design and business acumen. You understand requirements beyond the written word. Whether you’re working on an API used by other developers, an internal tool consumed by our operation teams, or a feature used by millions of customers, your attention to details leads to a delightful user experience About Our Benefits: Pre-IPO equity Competitive medical, dental, and vision insurance for you and your family 401(k) and pre-tax health care, dependent care and commuter benefits (FSA) “No policy” vacation policy Gym discounts and on-site yoga classes Mac or PC Fully stocked kitchen, regular catered lunches, weekly happy hours, family nights Annual, all-company weeklong MeetUp trip for collaboration, learning and inspiration 	Software Engineer – Java	Smith & Keller	New York	NY	New York, NY	Smith & Keller	Sat, 07 Nov 2015 01:53:03 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=22275fbcd1786875&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2uvk5stfx__KUAKOkjjjUVJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke4tb019rj28s
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	About the Team: The AppNexus Platform was built upon the foundation that we could help our clients buy and sell media in the most effective and efficient way possible. AppNexus has since then become a pioneer in developing real-time technology into various aspects of our platform stack to make our advertising solution one of the fastest, most reliable, and massively scaled systems in the industry. In the past 3 years, we’ve grown from processing 300k QPS to over 5 million QPS for an approximate total of 100 billion requests per day. These events generate more than 150 TB of new data every day. Engineers work on the real-time components to optimize our software for performance, space, and algorithmic efficiency. This is an energizing community of engineers that is committed to building dependable products – the software and systems being built drive our real-time bidding business along with a multitude of other core initiatives for AppNexus. We work under strict real-time constraints, responding to and executing real-time, dynamic auctions in less than 100 milliseconds. Consider Some of the Problems You Will Try to Solve: Large-scale distributed systems: Our real-time budget problem requires pushing updates on millions of objects to thousands of machines using our custom caching solution all while observing strict SLA requirements. Interesting algorithmic problems: Use the latest research and techniques to make full use of the underlying hardware and instruction sets, utilizing things like lock-free data structures and intelligent thread design to optimize revenue, memory footprint, and overall algorithmic efficiency. Programming, probability and statistics: We predict and track the performance of thousands of advertising campaigns that bid on a cost per impression, cost per click, and cost per acquisition basis. Now try to do this at 5 million times in 100ms or less About the Job Design and implement new features and enhancements to our Platform that require hard real-time constraints and elegant, yet powerful software solutions Work closely with other engineers and our Product teams, to not only make these systems go faster and handle more and more data, but also to build revolutionary new features for our clients. Prioritize bug fixes to ensure critical up-time Work collaboratively with other engineering teams to ensure real-time technology integrates seamlessly with other pieces of the platform About Your Skills BA/BS degree and 6+ years of experience OR MS degree and 2+ years of experience in software engineering (Degree in Computer Science or related field preferred) Experience using either C, C++, or Java, with excellent and creative problem-solving abilities Experience building high performance, multi-threaded, distributed systems and applications, preferably in a Linux environment Experience practicing advanced optimization techniques Experience with real-time data processing engines, ultra-low-level, and low latency systems is preferred Excellent Computer Science fundamentals with regards to data structures, algorithms, time complexity, etc. More About You You are passionate about a culture of learning and teaching. You love challenging yourself to constantly improve, and sharing your knowledge to empower others You like to take risks when looking for novel solutions to complex problems. If faced with roadblocks, you continue to reach higher to make greatness happen You care about solving big, systemic problems. You look beyond the surface to understand root causes so that you can build long-term solutions for the whole ecosystem You believe in not only serving customers, but also empowering them by providing knowledge and tools Want to know more about AppNexus? Explore the links below to learn about our values, why we like to work here, and how we hire. #LI-CM1	Senior Software Engineer, Real Time Ad Serving	AppNexus	New York	NY	New York, NY	AppNexus	Wed, 28 Oct 2015 15:08:00 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=0f86cc6311d862b8&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2uvk5stfx__KUAKOkjjjUVJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke4tb019rj28s
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Cognitive computing is poised to systematically transform how organizations think, act, and operate, with IBM Watson leading the charge in this revolutionary new era of computing. Be part of the team responsible for the flagship Client Experience Center in the Watson global headquarters in Astor Place, in the middle of silicon alley in New York city! The Watson Client Experience Center in Astor Place is a state of the art facility capable of taking our key clients through real world immersive cognitive computing experiences, various Watson live integrated systems and provides space for client discussions equipped with the most sophisticated collaboration technologies in the industry. Candidates will be responsible for mastering and maintaining existing and implementing new live integrated systems, collaboration suites and other software demonstrations within the Client Experience Center. Candidates will be expected to demonstrate previous experience in building out and providing quality assurance to large integrated software systems and applications, on diverse IT infrastructures. Experience with running, testing, monitoring and upgrading small vendor software systems in a client facing environment, general software and systems skills, working with network-sensor-software integrated systems and applications is desirable. The ideal candidate will have experience with troubleshooting issues, performing root cause analysis, and working across different teams to achieve resolutions. An understanding of cognitive computing technologies will be a plus. Examples of responsibilities includes: 1. Owner of all live integrated systems, immersive software demonstrations, collaboration suite installations and other software operations needs for the Client Experience Center. 2. Maintaining, monitoring and testing all custom software, systems, network and sensor solutions available at the Client Experience Center. Establishing quality assurance process for software and solutions in the Client Experience Center. 3. Planning firmware, software and systems upgrades. Managing installations, configuration, updates and integration of live running systems. Defining and developing project plans, release management and change management processes, conducting cost/benefit analyses and risk assessments. 4. Maintaining an extremely highly reliable and highly available infrastructure including designing system improvements and eliminating single points of failure. 5. Assisting team members in planning any aspects of client visits as needed. 6. Designing software and live integrated system upgrades based on feedback from Client Experience Center Engagement leaders and Management. 7. Proactively identifying any issues and problems need immediate focus and resolution. Performing root cause analysis on observed issues. Leveraging key resources across IBM and external teams to resolve issues quickly. 8. Establishing a testing methodology and Quality Assurance (QA) framework for all center software and systems. 9. Providing weekly updates to Management on planned improvements. Are you a software and systems ninja? Are you not shy about learning new technologies, small vendor software and coding for new environments? Do you have a keen eye for designing and assuring software systems and demonstrations that will capture everyone’s attention? Do you relish digging in to large software systems and understanding and improving how things are authored? If so, we can’t wait to hear from you! Required Technical and Professional Expertise Bachelor's Degree At least 2 years experience in Software Development At least 2 years experience in Software Quality Assurance and Testing At least 1 year experience in Project Management Readiness to travel 10% travel annually English: Fluent Preferred Technical and Professional Experience Master's Degree At least 4 years experience in Software Development At least 4 years experience in Software Quality Assurance and Testing At least 3 years experience in Project Management At least 1 year experience in Small Vendor Software Systems At least 1 year experience in a Client facing environment Required Education Bachelor's Degree Preferred Education Master's Degree Travel Required No Travel Is Extensive Time Away From Home Required? No Posting Country USA State / Province NEW YORK City / Township / Village NEW YORK EO Statement IBM is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. IBM is also committed to compliance with all fair employment practices regarding citizenship and immigration status. Eligibility Requirements At least 2 years experience in Software Development Primary job category Software Development &amp; Support Growth Play Watson ERBP Yes	Watson - Client Experience Center Software Quality Assurance Engineer	IBM	New York	NY	New York, NY	IBM	Thu, 05 Nov 2015 12:19:00 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=6ff56dea8ea5e3c8&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2uvk5stfx__KUAKOkjjjUVJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke4tb019rj28s
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Our client has an exciting opportunity for a motivated Senior Developer for our front-office IT team. We are responsible for building / enhancing the Fixed Income Credit electronic trading platform. The role will work on green-field (from scratch) development in addition to enhancing existing applications. Projects will include: oDesign, building new RFQ system oCreating workflow and orchestration engine and integrating with existing connectivity, enrichment and STP layers Candidate profile: oStrong SERVER-SIDE development experience oExtensive experience with JMS or other messaging protocols oExperience building real time trading systems is a huge plus oExperience with BPMN is a big plus oExperience with open source projects such as Spring oExperience with the entire SDLC cycle. Demonstrated use of Design Patterns is a plus oAbility to interact with all functional roles on the team, contribute solutions and ideas to the problem space oVery good written and oral communication skills oSelf-starter, highly motivated and a solid team player but capable of working independently Required skills: oBachelors’ degree or higher in Computer Science or equivalent o5+ years core Java o4+ years of experience working in Information Technology or a related technical field o2+ years working with messaging middleware technologies such as Tibco EMS oStrong background in object-oriented design and development oExperience working on multi-threaded systems oExperience with all phases of the software development lifecycle (SDLC) from inception to deployment and user training oExcellent verbal and written communication skills oMust be a self-starter and be able work well in fast paced, dynamic environment oHighly analytical, proactive and detail oriented oMust be able to work effectively with clients and team members in other locations Desired skills: oExperience developing and supporting order execution or real-time market data systems is a plus oExperience working in the Investment Banking industry is a plus oFIX protocol experience a plus oApache Camel experience a huge plus oLinux experience is a plus oExperience working with source code control systems such as Subversion, CVS or Clearcase o2+ years core Spring Go to http://www.cmp.jobs to see more jobs.	Software Engineer (Server Side)	Capital Markets	New York	NY	New York, NY	CMP.jobs	Fri, 30 Oct 2015 11:28:35 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=fffc1cc10566f6a4&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2uvk5stfx__KUAKOkjjjUVJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke4tb019rj28s
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	As a Software Engineer on the Intelligence Team you'll be responsible for crafting part of our service-oriented architecture. You'll be given the opportunity to work with massive amounts of heterogeneous data, helping the design and development of large scale disambiguation, classification and clustering services. Our ideal candidate is well versed in the landscape of old and new data storage systems as well as a solid understanding of REST/CRUD best practices. He/She should understand the tradeoffs involved in server/database/application decisions and can confidently support claims with sound evidence. He/She can effectively design and implement experiments/benchmarks to inform technical decision making. On the Intelligence team you'll be interacting with engineers and scientists working on analytical tools and will need to be able to understand machine learning nomenclature on a high level. WHAT WE LOOK FOR ---------------- Experience creating high performance data processing systems Confident, evidence based decision making Lateral thinking Pragmatic troubleshooting Applied algorithm design ------	Software Engineer	Enigma	New York	NY	New York, NY	Enigma	Sat, 17 Oct 2015 02:04:00 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=88ce2e862551423a&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2uvk5stfx__KUAKOkjjjUVJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke4tb019rj28s
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Are you passionate about solving complex and interesting problems in the video technology space? Are you obsessed with scale, performance, and building beautiful products? If so, we are looking for you! VHX is a fast growing business in a fast moving industry. Some of our challenges and opportunities include: building tools and APIs to power next generation video networks, building a better-than-Netflix consumer video experience, improving our payments platform, scaling out our service-oriented architecture. Skills &amp; Requirements WHAT YOU'LL DO: Plan and execute features and infrastructure changes Lead developing on all aspects of our applications Write well-tested, performant, and maintainable code Scale existing features and services Champion API developer friendliness internally and externally Tackle our most challenging problems around video ingestion, transcoding, and delivery Evolve our analytics system Help monitor and optimize engineering costs Help mentor and grow existing engineers WHAT WILL LAND YOU AN INTERVIEW: You can architect scalable and performant web applications and APIs Experience with Ruby, JavaScript, HTML5, SASS Engineering leadership experience You have developed libraries or applications and want to show them to us You work on side projects in your spare time WHAT WE'RE EXPECTING: Proven track record of building production-ready web applications Appreciation for the peace of mind that comes with well-tested, peer-reviewed, and documented code Takes ownership and monitors the things you architect Comfort with both SQL and an ORM, and have exposure to a variety of database technologies Great written and verbal communication You are self-directed and able to manage your time effectively to meet deadlines You are cool as a cucumber under pressure Bonus: Experience with video delivery or transcoding Bonus: Experience with payment platforms Bonus: Experience with managing infrastructure on AWS VHX is an open video distribution platform for anyone. We've helped creators sell films, TV shows, comedy specials, live concert footage, lectures, web series, fitness, education, and more. We're a small team of 20 and growing. Our HQ is in DUMBO, Brooklyn. We love coffee, jokes, video games, movie nights, bright colors, and Prime Meats. https://www.vhx.tv/about We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. \	Lead Software Engineer	VHX	New York	NY	New York, NY	StackOverflow Jobs	Fri, 06 Nov 2015 04:06:54 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=3cb47cbf1c55fed2&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2uvk5stfx__KUAKOkjjjUVJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke4tb019rj28s
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	About Transfix: Transfix is a VC-backed on-demand truckload shipping marketplace. We are disrupting traditional freight brokers by bringing transparency, automation and efficiency to an industry that has traditionally lacked all three. This is a huge industry--$600 Billion in the US alone--that is still dominated by old-school businesses that we have set out to transform with technology. Transfix has been funded by leading VC’s and angel investors, is about to pass $1 million in monthly revenue and is aggressively hiring top talent to help us succeed during our next phase of growth. Come join our team and help us solve some interesting and difficult real-world problems! Responsibilities: Identify issues and implement solutions to complex problems in large scale backend infrastructure and mobile platforms Analyze &amp; solve difficult problems across the stack Work closely with operations and infrastructure to build high scale backend services Requirements: 1+ years of previous work experience Proficiency with: Ruby, Rails Experience with full stack development [Bonus] Experience with mobile development Company benefits: Joining the Transfix team means joining a high-growth startup at a very early stage All employees awarded generous stock options Competitive base salaries Medical, dental and life insurance Paid vacation and holidays Free catered lunch every day, plus snacks, soda, beer and all the water you can drink 	Software Engineer - New Grad	Transfix	New York	NY	New York, NY	Transfix	Tue, 20 Oct 2015 21:20:25 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=799b4adccf16e5b6&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2uvk5stfx__KUAKOkjjjUVJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke4tb019rj28s
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	At Capital One, we march to a different beat! While we may be a top -10 bank by deposits, we operate and innovate with the vigor of a start-up. With thousands of employees, we never lose anyone in the shuffle, but we celebrate individuals with respect and exceptional benefits. And we don’t just fill positions—we recruit the best and the brightest people that know how to set industry trends and wow consumers. Capital One has celebrated milestones, including: - Top 10 bank by deposits - 124 on the Fortune 500 - Approximately 900 bank branches - More than 43,000 associates globally - More than 65 million customer accounts We’re excited to be growing and hiring across the country to build the next generation on sound practices and values so that our philosophy can transcend into our products and services. We hope you join our tremendous team that has helped changed our industry for the better. Geek. Nerd. Tech-junkie. They’re all pet-names to us. And if you share in a passion for all things technology, then you’d be the perfect candidate for the Capital One Information Technology team. Daily, you’ll work alongside some of the savviest techies in the business at an internationally recognized company. From advancing our network to assisting the technologically-challenged, you’ll love coming to work every day at one of the “100 Best Companies to Work For.” Capital One is actively seeking highly creative and intellectually curious Software Engineers who are passionate about coding to join our team! This is an opportunity to display knowledge of your craft by having a hand in building large scale reliable applications to impact the way that Capital One does business. You will participate in detailed technical design, development and implementation of applications using existing and emerging technology platforms. We are seeking engineers that have a good command of IOS and/or Android application development, associated tools, IDEs and automation techniques including continuous integration and testing. Responsibilities: - Participate in technical design, development, modification, and implementation of computer applications using existing and emerging technology platforms. - Analyze internal user needs and desired results and develop software solutions performing software development projects with responsibility for overall delivery of software application components. - Develop applications using Java, Objective C, Web Services (SOAP &amp; REST) - Write, design, code, test, implement, and debug programs adhering to corporate requirements and standards. - Perform application testing and validation, programming, and documentation. Document design decisions, adhering to existing process guidelines, develop software components. - Coordinate software system installation and monitor implementation process. - Monitor system performance trends and identify potential issues. - Identify opportunities for improvement. Over 5 years of experience (inclusive of IOS and/or Android experience) in Application Development using Java/J2EE, Web Services (SOAP &amp; REST), Spring Web Application Framework, XML, Security Tools &amp; AJAX, JavaScript, AngularJS QualificationsBasic Qualifications: - Bachelor’s Degree or military experience - At least 2 years of experience in Application Development in Android or at least 2 years of experience in Application Development in IOS environments Preferred Qualifications: - Over 5 years of experience (inclusive of IOS and Android experience) in Application Development Capital One will consider sponsoring a new qualified applicant for employment authorization for this position.No agencies please. Capital One is an equal opportunity employer committed to diversity in the workplace. Capital One promotes a drug-free workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to gender, race, color, age, national origin, religion, disability, genetic information, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity/assignment, citizenship, pregnancy or maternity, protected veteran status, or any other status protected by applicable national, federal, state or local law. Capital One will consider for employment qualified applicants with a criminal history in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable laws regarding criminal background inquiries, including, to the extent applicable, Article 23-A of the New York Correction Law; San Francisco, California Police Code Article 49, Sections 4901-4920; Newark, New Jersey Ordinance 12-1630; and other applicable federal, state, and local laws and regulations regarding criminal background inquiries. JobTechnologyPrimary LocationUnited States-New York-New York-NYC 299 Park Avenue (22957)ScheduleFull-timeTravelYes, 10 % of the TimeJob PostingUnposting Date	Software Engineer, iOS	Capital One	New York	NY	New York, NY	Capital One	Tue, 27 Oct 2015 22:01:00 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=e77f27f553f18871&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2uvk5stfx__KUAKOkjjjUVJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke4tb019rj28s
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	We're looking for a driven and motivated Software Engineer looking to play an integral role in an ever-growing Technology team. You stop at nothing and you're always looking to raise the bar - no challenge is too big. Our engineering team creates software to manage the forecasting, purchasing, preparation, and shipment of new fresh ingredients every week, delivering over 800,000 meals nationwide monthly. The nature of our business carries with it unique supply chain and logistical challenges that require purpose-built solutions and data analysis. About the role Solve problems for both customers and members of the Blue Apron team. Evaluate, design, and implement new features to provide more enjoyable experiences for our users. Collaborate to understand and overcome unique scheduling and logistics challenges. Listen to the needs of our internal teams and build tools that bring harmony to complex operational workflows. Our stack: Ruby on Rails, Ember, PostgreSQL, RSpec, HAML, SASS Requirements You take ownership for your tasks and see features through from start to finish. You communicate your ideas clearly and want to build software that has immediate impact for customers and your coworkers. You're excited to learn and evaluate new technologies and techniques. You've taken features or products from concept to completion and have experience working with at least one large-scale Rails application. You help teammates improve when reviewing their work and appreciate feedback when they reciprocate. Benefits Competitive salary and equity Health, Dental, and Vision Insurance Health and Commuter FSAs Flexible vacation policy MacBook Pro or Air A large, open workspace in NYC’s SoHo neighborhood A kitchen full of fresh fruit and snacks	Software Engineer	Blue Apron	New York	NY	New York, NY	Bessemer Venture Partners	Tue, 13 Oct 2015 08:53:00 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=6b3436778d7f9a73&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2uvk5stfx__KUAKOkjjjUVJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke4tb019rj28s
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Position Overview Software engineers at ActionX are members of an initmate group of product developers dedicated to creating offerings that deliver significant value to our clients and our business while being the embodiment of engineering excellence. You will be entrusted with critically important projects, and you will be expected to work collaboratively with other members of the product development team as well as the campaign management and ad-ops staff to solve those problems creatively and effectively. As a Senior software engineer, you will have the additional opportunity to mentor and nurture more junior staff, helping them develop into accomplished, experienced professionals. Being a software engineer at ActionX provides any committed individual an opportunity to expand their skills, knowledge, and experience. At Action X, you will collaborate with a group of quick witted, humorous, and extremely dedicated coworkers and clients who are all passionate about digital media. The Action X work environment is inviting. You will work in an open modern space where you will often find groups in casual brainstorming sessions sharing ideas and strategies for new initiatives. Everyone has a voice at Action X, and we are open to new ways of thinking, especially those that will contribute to the overall success of Action X. Opinions and ideas are always welcome, in fact, they are encouraged! We believe in the power of digital media to transform the way businesses and consumers can interact. You must believe as well. Responsibilities Develop server-based real-time applications that are deployed in the cloud--primarily AWS. Develop applications to integrate with third party data sources and sinks. Develop back- and front-end web applications using Clojure, ClojureScript, and Angular.js. Deliver well-crafted applications that embody sound engineering principles. Work closely with clients to inform and influence product requirements process. Participate in design and code reviews for your and your colleagues’ projects. Design, write, and perform tests against which your developed code will be validated. Document and build automated deployment processes for our cloud-hosted platform. Contribute to constantly improving our development and deployment processes. Expand your own--and your colleagues’--knowledge, skills, and experience. Collaborate with our ad-ops and client management teams to ensure we’re creating features that allow us to be more productive and more profitable. Qualifications 5-7 years experience BS/MS degree in Computer Science, Engineering or a related subject. Experience programming in Clojure, other Lisps, or functional programming languages--or a strong desire to gain such experience. Experience programming in C, assembly, or other low-level programming language. Familiarity with JVM ecosystem and, ideally, the Java programming language. Mastery of fundamental Unix tools e.g. shell scripting. Experience building software systems for cloud-based deployment. ActionX is the leader in mobile app and cross-screen retargeting. Created by e-commerce pioneers, the ActionX platform combines proprietary retargeting technology and behavioral data to deliver dynamic creative to consumers using real-time ROI optimization. The ActionX platform connects the dots between mobile customer acquisition and retargeting, giving brands the tools they need to drive multi-screen revenue. For more information visit http://www.actionx.com/ Action X is an Equal Opportunity Employer.	Senior Software Engineer	ActionX	New York	NY	New York, NY	ActionX	Wed, 21 Oct 2015 05:12:39 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=dff67cc6d4fb9a3d&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2uvk5stfx__KUAKOkjjjUVJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke4tb019rj28s
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	If you want a job where there’s more enthusiasm than there is red tape, where hard work charges the atmosphere with excitement and promise, where ideas are encouraged, an entrepreneurial team spirit is essential, and people like coming to work, then Jibe may be the place for you! Join the close-knit Jibe Post team that conceptualizes and develops our awesome job distribution platform. Hone your skills in an agile, test-driven environment and have a measurable impact on a well-established, profitable, and rapidly expanding business. You: • Are a seasoned engineer who enjoys teaching and learning from others • Are passionate about writing code that is scalable, maintainable, reusable, and well-tested • Enjoy sharing your experience with the team through mentoring, and technical leadership • Are interested in building reliable, redundant systems • Wouldn ’t shy away from diving into a large Rails application to refactor it into well tested components and services • Have experience designing, implementing, and maintaining APIs as a service for your team and customers • Enjoy optimizing complex data models for understandability and performance While it can be hard to measure experience strictly in terms of time, you should have a strong, proven background in Ruby and Ruby on Rails. We’d expect something on the order of 4+ years of full-time Ruby experience.	Senior Software Engineer (Ruby)	Jibe, Inc.	New York	NY	New York, NY	Jibe, Inc.	Thu, 22 Oct 2015 22:35:30 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=3a03368d0007ada1&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2uvk5stfx__KUAKOkjjjUVJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke4tb019rj28s
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	We’re changing the way American Express thinks about product development and looking for a Senior Software Engineer to help lead the transformation while working on mobile applications used by millions of American Express card members. We want someone with expert-level technical skills who is super creative and enjoys elegantly solving tough problems. You should be able to come up with highly innovative solutions and be obsessive about user experience and API design. You’ll join the team responsible for American Express’ flagship iOS and Android apps and will incorporate the latest mobile technologies to influence how millions of people make purchasing decisions. Perform hands-on architecture, design, development, and testing Eagerly and thoughtfully participate in code reviews Drive consistent development practices – tools and common components Develop deep understanding of current and potential integrations with other systems and platforms Identify opportunities to adopt new technologies to solve existing needs and improve productivity Drive the design, architecture and development of apps that are elegant, efficient, secure, highly available, and maintainable Foster a collaborative spirit across multiple teams Help other Amex teams benefit from our tools and practices Qualifications Required Skills/Qualifications: Proven record of designing, developing, and maintaining mobile applications in a software product company. One or more apps published in the Apple App Store or Google Play Expert knowledge of developing trends and emerging standards in mobile apps, mobile payments and wearables Demonstrated technical capabilities and ability to work collaboratively and effectively across functional areas Ability to effectively disseminate knowledge and mentor other developers thorough code reviews and ad hoc pair-programming Experience working in high-performing, iterative development teams Experience with iOS, Android and/or Java platforms, frameworks and developer tools Experience with multi-threaded programming Thorough understanding of XML, JSON, and data structure fundamentals Thorough understanding of RESTful API design principles Self-motivated and able to thrive in a just-in-time environment Deep appreciation for being a part of a collaborative and cross-functional team Excellent interpersonal and organizational skills Understanding of lean principles and their manifestation in efficient software development practices is a plus Experience with payments technology is a plus Educational requirement: Bachelors degree in Computer Science/Engineering and 2+ years of equivalent experience in related disciplines Preferred Additional: Experience with payments technology is a plus Offer of employment with American Express is conditioned upon the successful completion of a background verification check, subject to applicable laws and regulations. American Express is an equal opportunity employer and makes employment decisions without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, disability status, or any other status protected by law. Click here to view the "EEO is the Law" poster. ReqID: 15009886	Senior Software Engineer - Core Mobile	American Express	New York	NY	New York, NY	American Express	Sun, 08 Nov 2015 10:15:00 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=40e10f132d5b154d&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2uvk5stfx__KUAKOkjjjUVJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke4tb019rj28s
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	OkCupid is looking to hire one or two: Smart people ... who are software engineers ... and are excited to learn new things ... who are independent ... and work well with others We work primarily with C++ and Python. If you know these languages or can learn them quickly, that's what we're looking for. You'll need to live near (or be willing to move to) New York City. Our office is smack in the middle of Manhattan, which we think is pretty cool. How much experience do you need? If you're smart, and you can do the work, we want you. That said, we have a small team, which means we can't interview everyone who applies. Ideally, you would have a C.S. degree and/or some work experience developing software, but if you're missing some of that and think you still have the chops, we say go for it. If you're not sure that your degree/work experience is impressive enough, the best thing you can do is have a really impressive project on your resume that shows off how smart you are. We're looking for evidence that you can cut it here, so if you've got it, flaunt it. What is it like being a software engineer at OkCupid? We have a 9 person software engineering team, which manages all aspects of the OkCupid backend. Code gets launched (by you) when it's tested (by you) and working. Every person we hire is given a lot of responsibility, and a lot of power - your opinion can be a big part in what we do and how we do it. There's also a sense of satisfaction that comes from helping millions of people find love. If that's the kind of thing that appeals to you, you're probably a good fit for OkCupid. How can you join our team? Send us your resume, a link to your portfolio (code samples, site links, etc.), and tell us why you're excited to join us.	Software Engineer	OkCupid	New York	NY	New York, NY	OkCupid	Sun, 18 Oct 2015 06:47:41 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=468f23f48a8528c4&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2uvk5stfx__KUAKOkjjjUVJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke4tb019rj28s
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Job Purpose: If you are a JAVA Developer who appreciates working directly with customers and using advanced technologies to support their core business operations, we have just the right job for you. As a Professional Services Software Engineer you will be working on a team to implement customers – companies like adidas, Caterpillar, Columbia Sportswear, Nestle, HP, Lenovo, Pfizer and the Home Depot - onto the GT Nexus SaaS platform. This role provides our customers the ability to improve their operations and to be better, faster and more competitive in the marketplace. You will be responsible for the technical design of the project, managing project developers, assisting in complex development, and being the liaison to the core development team. We are looking for developers with solid communication skills who are interested in gaining business exposure in addition to building their technical skillset. Job Responsibilities: Work on project teams to implement customers onto the GT Nexus platform Write Java, JavaScript, SQL, and JSP code to customize the GT Nexus platform for our customers Own and create technical documentation on customer projects, and be heavily involved in solution design Partake in face to face design and planning sessions with customers Work with the Product, Core Engineering, and QA departments to help design and implement new application features Partake in challenging company-wide initiatives that are critical to the growth of GT Nexus Qualifications: A degree in Computer Science/Software Engineering or equivalent Must have a minimum of two years of work experience with Java, JavaScript (preferred) and/or JSP Desire for growth in business and technical skillsets, with a focus on solution design Strong team working, communication and interpersonal skills Familiarity with EDI, XML transaction processing, and data mapping Familiarity and an understanding of relational databases, writing and debugging complex SQL statements Familiarity in Source Control Management software such as Git a plus Familiarity in ERP implementation, procurement or supply chain systems knowledge a plus	Software Engineer	GT Nexus, Inc.	New York	NY	New York, NY	GT Nexus, Inc.	Tue, 13 Oct 2015 20:53:42 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=d3eeee7ff9ab43cd&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2uvk5stfx__KUAKOkjjjUVJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke4tb019rj28s
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	American Express is embarking on an exciting transformation driven by an energetic new team of high-performers. This group is nimble and creative with the power to shape our technology and product roadmap. If you have the talent and desire to deliver innovative payment products and services at a rapid pace, serving our customers seamlessly across physical, digital, mobile, and social media, join our transformation team! You will be part of a fast-paced, entrepreneurial team responsible for delivering a world class Cardmember across multiple channels, including native iOS, Android, web, social integration, Java services, and APIs. You will be challenged with identifying innovative ideas and proof of concept to deliver against the existing and future needs of our customers. Responsibilities • Serving as a core member of an agile team that drives user story analysis and elaboration, designs and develops software applications, and builds automation tools for testing. • Owning all technical aspects of software development for assigned applications; Performing hands-on architecture, design, and development of systems • Performing hands-on software and strategy development, typically spending about 50% of time actually writing code, , conducting code reviews and testing in ongoing sprints, doing proof of concepts • Driving consistent development practices - tools and common components; Developing deep understanding of tie-ins with other systems and platforms within the supported domains • Working with technical product managers contributing to blueprints, and assisting with annual planning of feature sets • Identifying exciting opportunities for adopting new technology to solve existing needs and predicting future challenges • Mentoring other Software Engineers, may have management responsibilities over 2-3 Software Engineers • Manage your own time, and work well both independently and as part of a team. • Work closely with product managers, back-end and other front-end engineers to implement versatile solutions to tricky web development problems • Quickly generate and updating HTML prototypes from UI concepts for testing and team feedback • Finalizing HTML prototypes into Web Applications by integrating with back-end services and functionality • Embrace emerging standards while promoting best practices in order to push the limits of what a browser can do. Qualifications This high energy Senior Software Engineer: • 6+ years of software development experience and preferably a BS or MS degree in computer science, computer engineering, or other technical discipline • Demonstrated experience in Agile development, application design, software development, and testing • Thorough understanding of XML, JSON, Web Service technologies, and data structure fundamentals • Experience with Java applications design and development in an Enterprise setting using J2EE, Spring, SQL DBMS’s desired • Expertise in Objected Oriented Analysis and Design across a variety of platforms • A proven hunger to learn new technologies and translate them into working software • Ability to effectively communicate to internal and external business partners on solution design • Experience with HTML/XHTML, CSS, JavaScript, and Software Version Control Systems (such as svn, git) required • Experience with JavaScript Libraries (such as jQuery, GWT, Dojo, AngularJS), Social Media (Twitter, Facebook, Google+) API’s, Search Engine Optimization, Web Page Optimization strategies desired • Experience with adaptive and responsive techniques • Internationalization (I18N) and Localization (L10N) experience is a plus • Experience with a broad range of software languages and payments technologies is a plus American Express is an equal opportunity employer and makes employment decisions without regard to race, color religion, sex, gender identity, national origin, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability status, or any other status protected by law. Click here to view the "EEO is the Law" poster. ReqID: 15013391	Senior Software Engineer – UI/UX, Web Engineering	American Express	New York	NY	New York, NY	American Express	Mon, 26 Oct 2015 14:37:00 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=8e5ac55dfe6ff7ea&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2uvk5stfx__KUAKOkjjjUVJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke4tb019rj28s
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	The Company Bonobos is (proudly) the largest born-on-the-Internet men's apparel company in the US and we're (humbly) seeking to reinvent the traditional eCommerce experience. Let's face it, not much has changed since Zappos introduced free two-way shipping and unlimited returns. To achieve our mission, we're turning to open source technology (this awesome thing called, Spree), re-platforming our site (hello, single-page backbone app) and more. We'd love to have your help. The Job We're first and foremost an apparel company. But you'll quickly discover that not much happens here without touching Engineering. Whether helping our internal tools create a better system for our Customer Service Ninjas to assist our customers, improving the speed of our check-out flow or working on the front-end to create an even more eye-catching experience, Engineering helps drive the business here. And with plenty of projects coming down the pipeline, there are exciting challenges abound, like new technology for our Guideshops and on-going work with our Product team to figure out what works and what doesn't. We get to the best technical solutions by discussing complex questions as a team. We don’t hesitate to change our approach when we hear a better idea. All new code is reviewed by another set of eyes so that we can improve it through constructive feedback. Our Stack Our back-end is built with Spree ( https://github.com/spree/spree ), a Ruby-on-Rails-based open-source eCommerce platform. Our front-end is a single-page Javascript app built with Backbone, Jade, Stylus and Gulp. The two communicate using Spree’s JSON API. We use PostgreSQL and are hosted on AWS. You Have at least 5+ years of progressive development experience...you've maybe even led a team at some point Have strong opinions on the pros and cons of various architectural choices Like the idea of small team where you work on both front- and back-end code Are excited by how open source technology can improve a tech stack Are ready to be a positive force on a growing team Don't consider yourself a "Rails" Developer, a "Python" Developer etc...you know the fundamentals and you're comfortable working in a variety of languages What you get in return A collaborative &amp; close-knit team: our team is NYC-based and in the office because as great as technology is, there are few substitutes for in-person collaboration A team that takes pride in our work and shares responsibility to see it through from conception to deployment to fixing bugs Top of the line equipment: your choice of hardware, standing desks, two 27" monitors, and more A competitive comp and benefits package, including equity An environment that values honesty, transparency and respect Random acts of team-wide fun including bar nights, book club and Camp Bonobos 	Software Engineer - Senior	Bonobos	New York	NY	New York, NY	Bonobos	Wed, 28 Oct 2015 21:14:00 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=e2458463a655c251&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2uvk5stfx__KUAKOkjjjUVJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke4tb019rj28s
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Based in SoHo, TheLadders is a comprehensive careers resource that helps people Manage, Market and Move-up in their careers. In this role, you’ll be on a mission to help people find jobs and advance their careers while you grow in yours. TheLadders is looking for Senior Software Engineers, either front end, back end or full stack, who want to write great code, and to help build and mentor a team. You’ll work within a small, agile team of smart people while solving problems from beginning to end -- from product conceptualizations to engineering implementations. We use Scala, Java, ElasticSearch, RabbitMQ, and Storm on the back end, and Backbone.js, JavaScript, React, Flux, HTML5, and CSS for the front end. We’re an engineering-team-driven organization and we're proud of our engineers. Come be one of them! Responsibilities of the Senior Software Engineer: First and foremost, developing software our users need Mentoring junior and mid-level engineers Collaborating with your team to brainstorm and create new products Growing our engineering teams by interviewing, recruiting, and hiring Making informed decisions quickly, and taking ownership of services and applications at scale Working collaboratively with others to achieve goalsBeing a persistent, creative problem ­solverRemaining cool and effective in a crisisStaying on the leading edge of development practices Passionate about great technologies, especially open sourceNot only understanding business needs, but also knowing how to create the tools to manage them Basic Qualifications of the Senior Software Engineer: 5+ years of experience as a software engineer (front end and/or back end) Fluency with functional, imperative, and object-­oriented languages; knowledge of Java, Scala, or JavaScript would be especially useful Fluency in front-end technologies, especially JavaScript and Backbone.js or React CS degree or equivalent knowledge of algorithms and data structures Strong OOP and modeling skillsExperience working in an agile environment Preferred Qualifications of the Senior Software Engineer: Knows the JVM and the ecosystem of supporting tools inside and out Eagerness and willingness to learn new technologies Ready to have a great time!! With over 6 million members, TheLadders is the premier mobile career network, committed to improving the careers of others by providing access to people and acute intelligence. The only company with a free, mobile-to-mobile career community, TheLadders expanded its services in fall 2011 from job-matching for high-earning professionals to all career-driven professionals. In doing so, more than 65,000 employers and recruiters that use TheLadders to source qualified candidates now have access to professionals at all levels. TheLadders is headquartered in New York City.	Senior Software Engineer	TheLadders	New York	NY	New York, NY	TheLadders	Thu, 29 Oct 2015 03:03:00 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=8afc4f797c295746&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2uvk5stfx__KUAKOkjjjUVJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke4tb019rj28s
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Our direct client, a global company, has a permanent position for SOLR, Lucene, SEO Software Engineer in New York, NY. Client will sponsor H1 candidate with exceptional skills only. Must be local to US Description: A technically strong hands on expert who can provide thought leadership in the areas of Solr capabilities, including indexing, configuration &amp; optimization for Client’s web properties. She/he must be able to design, build and support business requirements around SOLR/Lucene search engine and SEO. The candidate should have a solid understanding of overall search architecture including design and implementation of user interface changes for search solutions using HTML5, JavaScript, and Open Source JavaScript frameworks. - Practical hands on knowledge about Solr: Knows Schema.xml, solrconfig.xml, dismax, tie parameter, optimization, and optimization. - Strong knowledge of Lucene API, taxonomy and search optimization techniques. Adept at programming in Java and experience with ETLs. - Serves as the subject matter expert (SME) for search optimization across Client’s web and content properties. - Determines and develops architectural approaches and solutions, conducts business reviews, documents current systems and develops recommendations of how to proceed with the applications - Evaluates existing or proposed systems for the business, and devises computer systems and related procedures to solve the business need - Devises or modifies procedures to solve problems considering system(s) capacity and limitations, operation time, and form of desired results - Strong sense of ownership and accountability with a commitment to delivering quality outcomes that balance technical and business goals. Qualifications: - 10+ years of experience in the ecommerce/Content space with a focus on search engines (GSA, SOLR, Lucene, etc.) - 5+ years Search Engine Optimization experience. - Experience on Demandware based ecommerce Platforms and/or Adobe Experience manager based web CMS platforms. - Knowledge of Google Analytics and Webmaster tools - Experience working with technical SEO tools such as Screaming Frog, SEMRush, and Moz. - Understanding of HTML, CSS, JavaScript - Strong communication skills with the ability to effectively interface with business as well as technical teams. - Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or Engineering Location: New York, NY Type: Permanent Benefits: Full Required experience: Search Engine Optimization: 5 years Required education: Bachelor's 	A2145A - SOLR, Lucene, SEO Software Engineer - Permanent - New York, NY	Technovision, Inc.	New York	NY	New York, NY	Indeed	Mon, 28 Sep 2015 18:13:25 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=5c34272baeffb18a&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2uvk5stfx__KUAKOkjjjUVJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke4tb019rj28s
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Software Engineer- Clinical Research The elite informatics team at Montefiore seeks a topnotch object oriented software engineer to join them in their work to create software that will impact the way patient care is delivered and evaluated at hospitals all over the United States. In this role, you will work on the team that builds novel big-data analytics solutions for use on a national scale, sharing data among the most prestigious academic medical center informatics teams in the world. Use the latest programming languages and technologies to develop, write, enhance, and troubleshoot computer programs for the development of a product. Continually advance technical knowledge and skills to achieve a strong competitive advantage for the product being developed. Adherence to software development lifecycle model such as RUP or Scrum, and software development best practices as defined by the team to ensure high quality and a robust product that can be implemented at many client sites. Convert project specifications and statements of problems and procedures into detailed software models using UML that comply with architecture standards of the team. Work directly with users/clients to gather information regarding requirements and specifications for the application and to understand business problems. Modify/upgrade existing versions of the software products. Participate in testing of all new development and modifications. Develop automated unit test programs within software applications to be certain they will produce the desired information at the unit level. Work with QA Engineers to reproduce and resolve defects at the system level. Participate in code analysis peer reviews. Build deployment packages to ensure the quality of installation routines for new applications, service packs and/or upgrades. Build scripts and use tools to automate application and database builds, deployment, unit tests and system tests in various QA environments Adhere to team source control management policy. Follow rules for code line branching and merging. Follow rules for source control of database code as defined by team. Provide assistance and troubleshooting to the team and users with solving application related problems. Participate in project planning, with estimates of work. Required background: Multiple Years, over multiple jobs in professional software development in JAVA + JavaScript + Spring or a comparable application development framework (e.g. struts) or environment such as C++ or C#.NET Proficient in database application development (SQL) Web application development, object oriented design and programming Experienced and proficient in SOA architecture (SOAP, REST), AJAX, JSON, XML, HTML5 Experienced and proficient in GUI frameworks for .aspx or .jsp Spring or servlet experience Formal computer science or software engineering education/degree **We are not able to consider candidates outside the United States.** Desirable background: Application development in healthcare, life science and clinical research Data and meta-data management in health care systems Security and protection of private health information Data integration and quality control in health care systems Algorithm development for statistical processing or analytics in health care JavaScript Linux experience Tomcat Department: Montefiore Information Technology Bargaining Unit: Non Union Campus: Montefiore IT Employment Status: Regular Full-Time Address: 6 Executive Plaza, Yonkers Shift: N/A Scheduled Hours: 8:30am-5pm Req ID: 60141 Equal Opportunity Employer LI-SC1-REDIRECT; SF-DICE-MIT	SOFTWARE ENGINEER - CLINICAL INFORMATICS	Montefiore Medical Center	Yonkers	NY	Yonkers, NY	Montefiore Medical Center	Wed, 04 Nov 2015 18:45:26 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=f6bca7dff2e4435a&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2uvk5stfx__KUAKOkjjjUVJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke4tb019rj28s
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	About the Team: At AppNexus, our data is our life line - we can only be as good as our data, and great data is critical for business success. Our data pipeline processes tens of billions of log records a day (more than 150TB of data) generated by our real-time bidding engines and ad serving platform. Data volume has rocketed over the past year and is continuing to increase – we have petabytes of data on store at this very moment. This data is used to generate aggregated analytics reports, update budgets, and drive optimization engines. We build technology that identifies and analyzes relevant data to match buyers and sellers such that they each achieve their business initiatives. To do this, engineers partner with our Data Science team - implementing, testing and deploying complex models and intuitive, high-performance solutions for our diverse client base. Consider Some of the Problems You Will Try to Solve: Conversion attribution: In online advertising, we have to figure out events caused a particular conversion – or which ad impression caused a user to make a purchase. We hunt for the needle in a 150 billion-row “haystack,” and we do this millions of times every hour. We then use this to infer why the conversion happened and how we can change our real-time buying strategy to achieve more of these. Processing data fast and reliably : Our team is processing more and more data, pushing our decision engines to run with as little latency as possible. We get a kick out of making things that once took hours, only take minutes. Scale : We are always seeking new and better ideas to help us meet our challenges. Our engineers get to build Internet-scale solutions to solve interesting math problems. About the Job Design and develop large scale, high-performance software that interfaces multiple components of the AppNexus stack in order to identify and analyze new quantitative solutions in an effort to optimize our clients’ day-to-day businesses Collaborate with Data Scientists to create and implement complex mathematical models and other automated/algorithmic solutions out into production Work closely with other engineering teams to realize and implement the next evolution of our analytics driven software – building real-time decision making engines into the core business-generating aspects of the platform Design/Implement/test and deploy code to production Maintain and improve our code quality and stability Provide mentorship Implement technology frameworks Act as a tech lead for projects About Your Skills: BA/BS degree and 6+ years of experience OR MS degree and 2+ years of experience in software engineering (Degree in Computer Science or related field preferred) Strong knowledge of Java, Python, or C++ Mathematically literate Experience with Map/Reduce, batch processing such as Hadoop Experience with Stream based passed processing models; experience with Storm or Spark a big plus Experience with NoSQL, MySQL More About You You are passionate about a culture of learning and teaching. You love challenging yourself to constantly improve, and sharing your knowledge to empower others You like to take risks when looking for novel solutions to complex problems. If faced with roadblocks, you continue to reach higher to make greatness happen You care about solving big, systemic problems. You look beyond the surface to understand root causes so that you can build long-term solutions for the whole ecosystem You believe in not only serving customers, but also empowering them by providing knowledge and tools Want to know more about AppNexus? Explore the links below to learn about our values, why we like to work here, and how we hire. #LI-CM1	Senior Software Engineer, Data Science	AppNexus	New York	NY	New York, NY	AppNexus	Fri, 30 Oct 2015 15:14:00 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=8127aa3241ba7273&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2uvk5stfx__KUAKOkjjjUVJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke4tb019rj28s
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Software Development Engineer Title: Software Development Engineer Company: Audible.com (a wholly owned subsidiary of Amazon.com ) is looking for a dynamic and motivated software development engineer to join the Audible team. Audible is the Internet’s leading provider of spoken audio programming – including books of any genre, magazines, radio shows, daily newspapers, and more. As a member of this team you will have the opportunity to help deliver Audible’s next generation of services that support all Audible web sites and mobile applications on the Amazon.com marketplace. If you are a sharp, experienced software engineer with a creative edge, strong problem-solving skills, a solid software development foundation and desire and tenacity to be part of Audible’s next generation technology, we want to talk with you. Joining our team provides the unique challenge and opportunity to deliver software that benefits many customers around the world. The position requires a strong engineer with experience in architecting, developing and supporting distributed/scalable systems and high-volume transaction applications and services with hands-on coding experience in modern object oriented language. The ideal candidate should exhibit strong leadership qualities including excellent judgment and high standards. In addition, the candidate must have the ability to dive deep and remain in touch with business details, drive innovation in the teams, invoke passion in others, think big, and deliver results. Responsibilities Architect, develop, build and operate scalable software systems and services for e-commerce applications. Build and deliver high availability/high reliability software on time. Build and deliver secure, scalable, and low-latency services. Coordinate with other product teams, business stakeholders and Senior Tech Leadership for integration into Audible products. Lead significant technical initiatives involving cross-functional teams. Work effectively with other groups within Amazon to deliver Audible services. Basic Qualifications Computer Science or equivalent significant experience (8+ years) with commercial software engineering experience, preferable in e-commerce, mobile or digital content platforms. Extensive experience programming in modern object oriented languages, good current knowledge of Unix/Linux environments, mastering SOA principles with solid experience in code optimization and high performance computing. Extensive experience in building large-scale high performance web based solutions. Strong problem solving skills, adaptable, proactive and willing to take ownership. Solid coding practices including good design documentation, unit testing, peer code-reviews, and a preference for agile methods. Demonstrated ability to identify real-world user problems and build technology solutions to solve them. Experience in communicating with users, other technical teams, and management to collect requirements, describe software product features, and technical designs. Builds software solutions where the problem is not well defined. Capable of understanding the interaction between the components in a distributed system in order to ensure they are functioning properly. Knowledge of modern best practices for professional software development including coding standards, code reviews, source control management, build processes, testing, and operations. Extensive experience programming in modern object oriented languages, good current knowledge of Unix/Linux environments, mastering SOA principles with solid experience in code optimization and high performance computing. Preferred Qualifications Preferred : Experience working with high volume service oriented architectures (SOA) Understanding of web services technologies such as SOAP, HTTP, WSDL, XSD, and REST Familiarity with frameworks such as Spring and Hibernate. Experience with web technology such as HTML5, AJAX, JavaScript MS or PhD in Computer Science 	Software Development Engineer	Audible, Inc.	Newark	NJ	Newark, NJ	Amazon.com	Fri, 30 Oct 2015 00:59:00 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=1643967c0d03e856&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2uvk5stfx__KUAKOkjjjUVJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke4tb019rj28s
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	If you've watched video on the web, you already know us. We're the New York-based startup that brought online video to more people in the world than anyone else. Our flagship product, JW Player, is live on more than 2 million sites and streams billions of videos each month, across all devices — phones, tablets and desktops. Our cloud-hosted micro-service architecture processes more than 4 billion data points per day using open source systems like Trident, Storm, Hive, Hadoop, and Kafka. We are serious about big data. To help us scale our business, we are looking for Principal Engineers who possess a hunger to learn, innovate, and deliver breakthrough solutions. You will work with data scientists and software engineers from the likes of IBM, Google, and Amazon. You will have direct access to a senior management team eager to win in our space. For this coveted role, you will be expected to be a “play maker”, mentor, and thought leader within a rapidly growing engineering team. You will be able to see around corners in the areas of distributed systems, micro-services, performance, container-ization (i.e. Docker), and storage. Qualifications Bachelors in Science in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Physics, or related field 10+ years of experience delivering massive consumer scale software Hands on real-world experience building software that runs on public cloud stacks (Amazon Web Services, Azure, Google Cloud) Very proficient in Java, Scala, Go, or C++ Strong in Python, Ruby, JavaScript, or similar scripting language(s) Experience delivering large-scale solutions using NoSQL data stores and their associated tools (e.g. Storm/Trident, Hadoop, Mahout) Experience working within a team of 4-7 people while directly collaborating with other engineering teams, product management, and company executives Ability to breakdown large ambiguous problems into discrete components that can be delivered by you or other software engineers Experience with best practices around testing automation and continuous integration pipelines (Jenkins, Hudson, Chef, Puppet) Desired Qualifications and Attributes Masters or PhD in Computer Science Inventor of software innovation(s) Experience working on or contributing to widely used open source projects Large Github and/or Stack Overflow footprint Known speaker at tech conferences Highly collaborative personality with the ability to work with anybody within the company Makes data-driven decisions Doggedly persistent Does not let perfect become the enemy of good Displays humility amongst peers, subordinates, and senior management Understands how to get things done (i.e. release software) Company Description JW Player is a global market leader and well-known brand in online video, powering video playback for over a billion unique users across millions of websites every month. We are a known driver of innovation in the online video space, allowing you to explore new technologies such as Chromecast, HLS/DASH, HTML5/CSS3 and cross-platform frameworks. Our flagship product, the JW Player, is deployed on over 2 million websites and streams billions of videos each month. Started in 2008 as the world’s first open source video player, today the company’s customers span the globe across 193 countries and range from Fortune 500 companies to individual bloggers. We’re busy innovating for the future by actively hiring smart, motivated, and innovation-driven people! Come help us imagine and define what comes next! jwplayer.com/careers ( http://www.jwplayer.com/company/careers/ )	Principal Software Engineer	JW Player	New York	NY	New York, NY	JW Player	Mon, 26 Oct 2015 13:51:47 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=6e3f03b57798ee5f&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2uvk5stfx__KUAKOkjjjUVJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke4tb019rj28s
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Client in Education Industry is building out a new Development team. Must be passionate about Education, and the mission / vision of the organization. If you would like to be considered for this role please email me/call directly charles.cascio@rht.com 516-451-7601 (Cell) 212-687-7072 (office) 1-3 years professional experience in all stages of the software life cycle preferably with recent focus on front end projects. ASP.NET, C#, HTML, CSS, Flex, Java, MS SQL Server, NoSql (MongoDB), design patterns, unit testing and integration testing. Bachelor of Science in Computer Science or Software Engineering Must seriously love to code Strong written and verbal technical communications skills Ability to work in an Agile Scrum team environment.	Software Engineer	Robert Half Technology	Brooklyn	NY	Brooklyn, NY	Robert Half Technology	Sat, 31 Oct 2015 04:42:59 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=bbf4c1594dd97b6e&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2uvk5stfx__KUAKOkjjjUVJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke4tb019rj28s
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Responsible for the systematic approach to the development of requirements, design, implementation, test, and maintenance of software components. Foster process improvement Perform tasks according to budget and schedule Uses computer assisted engineering and design software and equipment to perform engineering tasks Prepares status reports, as required. Develop SRS requirements at the CSC-level Develop top-level and detailed designs for Computer Software Component (CSC) (in project’s design tool) based on software requirements Develop code at the CSC-level Generate unit test cases, including definition of required data inputs, outputs and expected testing results Perform modifications/debug code, test procedures, and/or test harnesses Update designs as required based on results of unit testing (i.e. align design to tested code) Define/document interfaces between CSCs Provide detailed information [at the sub-component level] to support resource utilization measurements Participate in others’ peer reviews of CSC and CSCI design and code Required Skills Must have a background that would permit the U.S. Department of Defense to issue a Secret Clearance, which includes US Citizenship. Bachelor’s of Science or graduate degree in computer science or relate filed plus 5-10 years of experience Experience with software development in C, C++ required Real-time embedded systems experience required Experience with full SW development life cycle required Knowledge of DOORS a plus Radar knowledge a plus Experience in developing GUIs and mobile apps a plus Must have excellent communication skills, both verbal and written. We are an Affirmative Action / Equal Employment Opportunity Employer (M/F/D/V). All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, gender, religion, sex, national origin, protected veteran status or any other protected characteristic. Reasonable accommodations may include but are not limited to, that which may enable individuals with disabilities and special disabled veterans to perform the essential functions of this position. Required Experience	Software Engineer II	Telephonics	Farmingdale	NY	Farmingdale, NY	Telephonics	Fri, 06 Nov 2015 19:05:00 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=a9109570a8b94064&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa3fIf8gxIRQiB17qnNVaz3pJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke519918do094
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Build rich, dynamic, magical web applications. Work hand-in-hand with the design team to implement interfaces that look beautiful and adapt dynamically to all types of devices. Architect complex client-side interactions that push the boundaries of performance. Implement animations and transitions that make experiences in the browser come to life. Responsibilities: Execute on a software architecture and development plan to bring products to life Write code to tackle challenging technical problems with a focus on readability, maintainability, performance, and quality Propose novel solutions to design and technical challenges Communicate effectively with your team and other product disciplines, raising issues early and offering solutions Develop all software according to coding standards and processes Perform reviews of other engineers’ code, designs, and architectures Make use of unit and integration tests wherever possible Mentor junior engineers Participate in the interview process for new team members Requirements: BS degree in Computer Science or related field, or equivalent practical experience 4+ years of relevant work experience A solid foundation in computer science, with strong competencies in data structures, algorithms, and software design Proven, self-motivated engineer with a track record of creating production-quality web applications Possess a strong passion for building custom user experiences Able to work effectively in a cross-disciplinary environment, particularly with designers Able to create a development plan for a given feature set, estimate its tasks, and execute on those tasks in an efficient manner Experienced in defining architecture and implementing features of large scale modern web applications with technologies such as React.js or Backbone.js Expert in Javascript and/or Coffeescript Working knowledge of CSS Proficient with Git or similar revision control systems We Offer: Medical, Dental, Vision, 401(K) Life Insurance Commuter Benefits Corporate discounts through AnyPerk Catered in-office lunches twice weekly and fully stocked pantry Flexible Time Off Policy Employee Equity Program 	Sr Software Engineer, Front-End Web	FiftyThree	New York	NY	New York, NY	FiftyThree	Sat, 07 Nov 2015 06:51:16 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=f84abb866ea11095&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa3fIf8gxIRQiB17qnNVaz3pJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke519918do094
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Seeking software developers to work on high-performance projects that involve dynamic simulation and data analysis, massively parallel supercomputers. Seeking outstanding graduates (Masters and PhD preferred) in Computer Science from the best universities. The firm offers new employees the opportunity to work on a variety of interesting technical projects, including real-time data analysis, distributed system development, and the creation of tools for advanced mathematical modeling. Recent hires have contributed to numerous efforts central to the firm's success and impressive growth Requirement: Requirements: Candidates who would be interest have experience in one more more of the following: - C/C++ or Python Programming - paralllel computing on high performance computing systems - numerical analysis - Systems Software - Visualization - Large-scale data management - computational biology - molecular dynamics	Software Engineer	High-Tech Professionals	New York	NY	New York, NY	High-Tech Professionals	Thu, 05 Nov 2015 08:12:10 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=4e57998aa0df8c54&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa3fIf8gxIRQiB17qnNVaz3pJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke519918do094
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	UI/UX Software Engineer - Ex Google Startup Please apply via indeed by clicking "apply now". We typically respond within 24 hours and look forward to connecting! As a full stack engineer in our front end guild, you will work with our application development teams implementing best practices to build user facing applications. You'll join a strong, business focused, agile software development organization where you can concentrate on using your experience to build our customer’s success by helping us create an end-to-end advertising platform that enables local business to get new business from the internet and track and measure the return on investment. Our front end tech stack is based on Node.js, Angular, Play, and Scala, and we build the full breadth of software required to make Yodle go. Examples of our diverse systems include a fully customizable website renderer, an automated search advertising campaign builder, and a continuous delivery system built on top of Marathon, Mesos and Docker. We're rearchitecting our whole front end stack as continuously deployed and purpose built UI applications deployed in Docker. As we continue, you'll help us solve the challenges surrounding the development of a scalable architecture to support a large engineering team delivering software to tens of thousands of businesses across the country. Responsibilities Assist development teams in building front-end applications by consulting, design reviews, code reviews, and developing as part of the team Build and improve core front-end application architecture, on both the server side and client side Deliver technical trainings to the development organization about best practices for building and growing applications Qualifications Excellent coding and design skills You enjoy writing software and take pride in what you build Fluent Java and JavaScript programming skills Experience using some of the latest web technologies BA/BS or above from a Computer Science program 2+ years of experience Experience with web development, and comfort developing applications for end users Job Type: Full-time Salary: $160,000.00 /year 	UI/UX Software Engineer - Ex Google Startup	Custom Talent LLC	New York	NY	New York, NY	Indeed	Sun, 18 Oct 2015 18:47:11 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=432e1a6c03e95ac9&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa3fIf8gxIRQiB17qnNVaz3pJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke519918do094
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	MediaMath's Media &amp; Intelligence tribe is responsible for building the most efficient and highly scalable set of fundamental systems that transact the purchase of programmatic media from RTB and procured directly from publishers; permit enrichment of data for algorithmic bid decisioning and optimization to maximize value on behalf of our MediaMath TerminalOne clients. Our engineers work daily to satisfy the demands of our rapidly growing system that includes billions of users and hundreds of terabytes of data. They focus on producing and improving our most critical system components, utilizing high performance algorithms and disciplined development practices to achieve scalable success in a state of the art distributed environment. The Intelligence team leverages data and algorithms to optimize MediaMath's real-time bidding strategy and reach: bid pricing / valuation, response rate prediction, fraud detection, cookieless and cross-device targeting, etc. We are currently seeking rockstar software engineers with hands-on experience with big data development (Java, Scala, Python, Hadoop, Spark, etc.) and data analysis. Responsibilities: Key responsibilities include but are not limited to: Implement, test, deploy and monitor distributed algorithms designed in collaboration with our data science team Conduct data analysis under the supervision of data scientists for discovering patterns, calibrating and improving algorithms Integrate the solutions into the MediaMath bidding and data platforms Qualifications: BS/MS in Computer Science, Mathematics, or related field of study Minimum of 3+ years of experience with languages and tools like Java, Scala, Python, Hadoop, Spark, ... Experience in the ad-tech/marketing industry is a plus MediaMath is a global technology company that's leading the movement to revolutionize traditional marketing and empowering marketers to unleash the power of goal-based marketing at scale, transparently across the enterprise. Our platform - TerminalOne Marketing Operating System - handles billions of transactions every hour and hundreds of millions of internet users every day, which means every solution must be built to scale. Our breakthroughs create new marketplaces and solve long-standing problems in an industry that is constantly evolving. Our engineers are building the leading technology platform to power the new digital marketing ecosystem, and we are looking for driven, curious innovators to join our team. In achieving their duties and responsibilities, MediaMath employees embody the Math Values of SPACE: Scalable Innovation, Performance, Accountability, Collaboration, and Empowerment. Options: Apply for this job online Apply Refer Email this job to a friend Email Refer a LinkedIn connection Share on your newsfeed	Senior Software Engineer, Media/Intelligence	MediaMath	New York	NY	New York, NY	MediaMath	Tue, 20 Oct 2015 09:14:00 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=cc60d67ef1c246ae&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa3fIf8gxIRQiB17qnNVaz3pJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke519918do094
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	American Express is embarking on an exciting transformation driven by an energetic new team of high-performers. This group is nimble and creative with the power to shape our technology and product roadmap. If you have the talent and desire to deliver innovative payment products and services at a rapid pace, serving our customers seamlessly across physical, digital, mobile, and social media, join our transformation team! Software Engineers that join our Technologies team can be assigned to one of several exciting teams that are developing new virtual internet-based payment solutions, customer service portals, online merchant services support and integration, credit management tools, and suites of web-based applications for card member targeted offers that will span over 20 international markets. You will be part of a fast-paced, entrepreneurial team responsible for delivering world class card member experiences across multiple channels, including native iOS, Android, web, social integration, Java services, and APIs. You will be challenged with identifying innovative ideas and proof of concepts to deliver against the existing and future needs of our customers. Responsibilities: · Core member of an agile team that drives user story analysis and elaboration, design and develops software applications, and tests and builds automation tools · Perform hands-on software development and testing · Core member of an agile engineering team that designs and develops software applications · Typically spend 75+% of time writing code, API specs, conducting code reviews and testing in ongoing sprints · Identify exciting opportunities for adopting new technologies to solve existing needs and predicting future challenges · Perform ongoing refactoring of code, utilizing visualization and other techniques to fast-track concepts · Work with technical product managers to prioritize features for ongoing sprints, manage a list of technical requirements based on industry trends, new technologies, known defects, and issues · May be assigned to a specific platform/product permanently or be part of a dynamic resource pool that gets assigned to projects as they come up · Use industry standard automation tools to create regression test scripts and enables continuous development Qualifications · 2+ years of technical delivery experience with a demonstrated track record of increasing responsibility · Strong coding experience · Experience with J2EE, Servlets, Struts, and JSP required · Understanding of XML, JSON, web services technologies, and data structure fundamentals, with experience in multi-threaded programming a plus · Experience with node.js preferred · Aptitude for learning and applying programming concepts · Ability to get into the code and drive to solutions Experience with design and coding across one or more platforms and languages · Experience facilitating Agile, Scrum, or other rapid application development teams to deliver technology solutions on time, on budget, and to spec · BS or MS degree in computer science, computer engineering, or other technical discipline, or equivalent work experience · Demonstrated experience in Java application design, software development, and testing, preferably in an Agile environment · Ability to effectively communicate with internal and external business partners · Expertise in objected oriented analysis and design across a variety of platforms · Experience with a broad range of software languages and payments technologies is a plus American Express is an equal opportunity employer and makes employment decisions without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, protected veteran status, disability status, or any other status protected by law. Click here to view the “EEO is the Law” poster. If the link does not work, please copy and paste the following URL in a new browser window: http://www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/ofccpost.htm ReqID: 15013393	Software Engineer - Java, Web Engineering Digital Acquisitions	American Express	New York	NY	New York, NY	American Express	Mon, 26 Oct 2015 14:37:00 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=640c0b6ae89fa4a7&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa3fIf8gxIRQiB17qnNVaz3pJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke519918do094
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	About Birchbox Birchbox is changing the way consumers discover and purchase grooming, beauty, and lifestyle products. We combine a monthly subscription service with original editorial content and a fully integrated e-commerce shop. Every month, members sample high-end products targeted to fit their personal profile and behavior, learn about them through our content, and purchase full-size versions of the products they like. Our platform provides our brand partners with an innovative and efficient way to access new customers. Birchbox launched in the Fall of 2010 and is one of the fastest growing companies in New York. We are backed by top VC firms, including Accel Partners and First Round Capital. Birchbox is looking for experienced Software Engineers to work in our New York office. You are obsessed with delivering the best possible customer experience, value software engineering practices such as testing, and never forget about scalability and reusability when designing code. At Birchbox you will: Take your ideas to the next level right away. We experiment, iterate, learn, and repeat. Build things people love. Our goal is to surprise and delight our customers as much as possible. Great design, simple user experience, and access to data to make smart decision help us to achieve it. Collaborate, with purpose. You’ll work in small groups with other talented thinkers and figure out how to make Birchbox’s software even better. Work with people who care. We’re a group of talented professionals who pride ourselves on what we do. We’re smart, innovative, energetic, and lots of fun Tech @ Birchbox The technology team at Birchbox is responsible for development (and maintenance) of the company's customer-facing sites (in the United States, France, the UK, and Spain), managing hosted and cloud infrastructure, and closely supporting other teams (logistics, marketing, et al.) in our 110+-person company. We work with a wide variety of open-source technologies: Debian-based servers; Chef deployments; Ruby on Rails, Java and PHP services; and Python, Perl and R scripts. The size of our team and the breadth of its responsibilities means we rely on our engineers to be self-motivated and quickly follow through on tasks without requiring close supervision. In return our engineers are given leeway to use their own initiative. Our team spans software engineering, technical operations, product, and data science. Our challenges include: Evolving our software and systems architecture to support a rapidly growing customer base across multiple countries and languages. Designing and implementing the best user experience for our customers; We are striving to revolutionize online retail. Using data, complex algorithms, and statistics, to personalize the Birchbox experience for our customers, both offline and online. Responsibilities You will have the opportunity to work with our team on all aspects of our technical infrastructure including: Developing scalable backend services in key focus areas such as logistics, payments, and inventory management Building our internal and developer APIs Developing new user facing features for our incredibly engaged customer base across all markets Working with our data science team to develop an infrastructure for personalization Working with the entire team to provide a consistent, fast, and delightful, experience to our customers and partners Requirements 2+ years professional software engineering experience Experience developing in multiple languages including Java or C/C++ and Ruby, Python or PHP Experience building restful services Experience with large scale relational and non-relational databases You value testing and have experience with the associated tools/frameworks You have a solid grounding in computer science, you understand the efficiency of the code you write in terms of time and space, and you put thought into your choice of algorithms, data structures, and db schemas You have a thirst for new knowledge, and responsibility. You want to own projects in their entirety, and master new problem spaces and technologies. You are compelled to excellence You are pragmatic: sometimes a beautiful solution is impermanent and expedient. You know how to make the call. You are persistent: it's a job, it has some grind, you know how to dig out a solution; at the end of the day it has to ship You are joyful and take pride in what you do; we're a talented and diverse crew, lucky enough to be building something people really love Pluses Bachelors, Masters or PhD in Computer Science Startup experience Experience relevant to E-commerce Fluency in French and/or Spanish 	Software Engineer	Birchbox	New York	NY	New York, NY	Birchbox	Wed, 21 Oct 2015 14:53:00 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=5cf73e64f62be204&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa3fIf8gxIRQiB17qnNVaz3pJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke519918do094
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	If a game’s never just a game to you, you love pushing the limits of what’s technically possible, and you also believe that doing the right thing often requires disregarding the rules and upending the status quo, then we’d love to talk to you! We’re looking for talented, like-minded engineers to join us and help shape the future of gaming. Riot engineers bring expert-level knowledge of specific technical areas and a broad knowledge across a wide range of domains. We value people who aren’t constrained to particular technologies and are eager to learn new things to overcome anything that stands in the way of delivering value to players. We intentionally don’t post hundreds of engineering job openings on our website, with specific technical requirements for each, because we believe that engineers don’t follow narrow archetypes; instead we want to work with candidates who are interested in joining Riot to identify the area and team where they can have the biggest impact. We work in virtually every technical domain imaginable. As a software engineer at Riot, you might: * Work on a diverse, cross-functional team that is defining the future evolution of League of Legends : a big game, with a big playerbase, and big demands * Work closely with artists, designers, and engineers on R&amp;D teams to breathe life into game concepts * Build a massive global platform for deploying and operating backend services with low latency and high availability * Extend the big data pipeline that turns petabytes of anonymized user data into useful insights on how players behave and help inform decisions to keep game experiences balanced and fresh * Design and implement cutting edge web user interfaces that allow players to interact with each other and the League of Legends universe in new and exciting ways * Write cross-platform code to power native applications on disparate mobile devices in order to allow players to connect with each other from anywhere on the planet * Develop awesome experiences and products optimized for players around the world in one of our local offices * Delight players in one of hundreds of roles that aren’t explicitly mentioned here While our engineers come in all shapes and sizes and work with many technologies, we expect every engineer at Riot to be: * Player-focused: you’re a gamer whose passion for games (especially League of Legends ) helps you stay focused on initiatives that make the difference to players in and out of the game * A threat to convention : bored by what’s considered traditional, you constantly push past limits until the status is no longer quo; you don’t “think outside the box” because, hey, there's no box * Focused on team : you find, shape, and cultivate teams that don’t just swing for the fences, they jack that (metaphorical) baseball beyond the stars; you help Rioters develop the tools and creative atmosphere to shine, but ultimately hold them accountable for making smart calls and delivering capital-V value * Seriously playful : you work hard but always leave time for pentakills; whether you’re grabbing a game of League in our onsite PC Bang or rapidly sharing cat GIFs, you make time for daily play in all of its wonderful forms * Humbitious : you’re ambitious but humble, a state of being summed up by fans of portmanteau as “humbitious;” always shooting for the stars, you never forgo rounds of feedback from teammates, players, and partners who keep you from drifting off into space We receive a lot of applications, but we’ll notice a fun, well-written intro that shows us you take play seriously. Apply below and don’t forget to include a resume and cover letter.	Software Engineer	Riot Games	New York	NY	New York, NY	Riot Games	Thu, 22 Oct 2015 21:40:00 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=1a0344e7aaf0bb29&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa3fIf8gxIRQiB17qnNVaz3pJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke519918do094
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Candidates for all positions will work on team of developers to develop, deploy and support major brokerage clients’ applications. Degree Requirement for all Positions: BS in Computer Science or related field Java Software Engineer - Required Skills and Experience Years Experience – Senior Software Engineer: 6+ Java software development language, tools and techniques. Unix and Linux shell scripting and PL/SQL programming. SQLPlus Unix and/or Linux-based application servers: Weblogic, Tomcat and Jetty. Excellent English language oral and written communication skills. Source code control tools and concepts (CVS/SVN, branches, etc.). Ability to analyze and troubleshoot existing code and make modifications to remedy issues within an existing Java framework. Must meet tight deadlines and work on several projects simultaneously. Must be able to work within a team environment as well as work independently on projects. Familiar with Oracle / SQL tuning. Knowledge of Java Design patterns. Build tools: ant / maven, Unit testing Testing tools: Junit, Mock Frameworks Webservices REST or SOAP Eclipse IDE Java multi-threading concepts Multi-processing concepts Aysnchronous messaging: JMS/MQ Experience with following a benefit Any ORM Spring frameworks JIRA Nonrelational databases ie key-value, document store, distributed. A background in financial/brokerage industry is a plus. Any relational database. Oracle preferred. DB2 a plus. Please e-mail your resume to: jennifer.stroger@scivantage.com and include the job title in the subject line. Recruiters please do not respond to this posting or contact Scivantage with unsolicited services or offers. 	Senior Software Engineer	scivantage	Jersey City	NJ	Jersey City, NJ	scivantage	Thu, 29 Oct 2015 01:06:50 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=4bb7288b71bf3d7c&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa3fIf8gxIRQiB17qnNVaz3pJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke519918do094
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	About Us We know that creativity doesn't happen on-demand. Developing cutting-edge cloud technology takes great minds and talented people working together in a collaborative environment. That is why we are committed to fostering an innovative, agile company culture; we encourage our teams to come together and experiment with new concepts, research new approaches and test out new technologies. On our quest to strengthen our position as the premier technology company in the life sciences space, we are looking for highly skilled &amp; committed professionals. Our mission? To put innovative technology and insightful data into researchers’ hands to help them safely get new treatments to market faster with lower risk and cost. We’re proud to say we are the leader in application software for the clinical development process, tackling real-world problems and making a real difference in the lives of patients everywhere. The Company With the current transformation in the life sciences industry, we are at the forefront of providing an advanced clinical development platform for our clients to further improve the accuracy, timeliness and ease of the data collection process. That means better treatments can reach waiting patients sooner. We are publicly traded (MDSO) with over 450 customers, customer retention rates above 98%, and the experience of supporting more than 9,500 clinical trials. We are still led by Co-founders, Tarek Sherif and Glen de Vries, and have global operations in the US, Europe and Asia. Purpose The Software Engineer Function is responsible for hands-on development of Medidata’s software applications. The Engineer is one who works very quickly to resolve high impact, challenging, engineering problems while continuously raising the standard of quality in our products and services in a full solutions-oriented SaaS environment. Main Duties: Participate in experimental changes in organizational process arising from retrospectives Create unit tests and step definitions for test automation where appropriate Participate in experimental changes in implementation process arising from retrospectives Provide estimates in backlog grooming Participate in experimental changes to technical improvements arising from the retrospectives Modify and troubleshoot automated deployment implementation Access production monitoring Diagnose issues while dealing with initial uncertainty and incomplete information Identify tasks in planning Contribute to scenario writing Actively contribute at retrospectives Attend all appropriate team meetings Apply simple platform design principles locally Extend service contracts Apply BDD/TDD. Apply simple patterns Be aware of the impact of design on performance, e.g. through algorithmic complexity, N+1 fetching, etc Competent in tech stack of choice Deliver new areas of functionality Review pull requests for functional aspects Perform local refactoring when making changes Contribute to continuous integration pipeline Contribute to addressing technical debt Identify root causes Create fixes with unit tests where appropriate Provide technical impact assessment Provide feedback on documentation Communicate personal and team activities to those outside the team, e.g. blog posts, presentations, stakeholder demos Attend company-organized meetups Skills/Requirements: Enjoy working in multiple programming languages on a day to day basis. In addition to C#/ .NET you may find yourself working on some problems in Ruby and Java Constantly seeking to be an expert and takes pride in self-mastery and knowledge development. Quick learning and applied-knowledge capability Thrives in a team environment, and has strong people communication skills Enthusiastic and passionate about developing and improving products Have an innate ability for communicating very high level technical information to a non-technical audience, especially upper management and customer facing groups Able to use disparate pieces of information to drive investigation and problem solving. Especially in situations where there may not be very much information available on the problem, and you have to use your own creativity or teamwork to drive investigation and devise an appropriate fix Demonstrated expert-level experience in troubleshooting and debugging web server platforms, software and code Sufficient prior background in web software development is necessary for the position Ninja-like data querying abilities in SQL(T-SQL, MySQL) and/or NOSQL(Cypher, Java, Gremlin and the like) Have Best-of-Breed problem solving abilities and enjoy crafting technical solutions that are business and customer driven Have the ability to plan, design and implement code fixes on multiple, unrelated sections of the codebase, and/ or different products altogether Take pride in knowing that the solutions you craft today are helping to develop new medicines that shape the world of tomorrow understanding of C#/ .NET Framework is a required element of the position Basic Ruby or Rails experience is preferred, although not entirely necessary Basic prior experience in working with cloud technologies such as Amazon Web Services is preferred Basic understanding of Git Experience: Typically requires a minimum of 5 years of related experience with a Bachelor’s degree; or 3 years and a Master’s degree; or a PhD without experience; or equivalent work experience Experience in command line (ninjas preferred) - BASH, Powershell, etc. will be a big plus in this development role Medidata Solutions, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Medidata Solutions provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, national origin, age, disability, or status as a veteran. Medidata Solutions complies with applicable state and local laws governing non-discrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities. LI-SN 	Senior Software Engineer	Medidata Solutions	New York	NY	New York, NY	Medidata Solutions	Fri, 23 Oct 2015 05:06:00 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=3442280373c5ddac&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa3fIf8gxIRQiB17qnNVaz3pJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke519918do094
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Job Description Our Software Engineers are extraordinarily passionate and driven by technology. We thrive on designing simple and scalable solutions to complex problems and delivering leading edge software products for our customers. We are looking for exceptionally ambitious and communicative hands-on individuals who are comfortable working in fast-paced environments and who have passion and skills to take our product offering to the next level. Must provide examples of contributions to open source community - please provide links to GitHub account or similar Job Overview As a Software Engineer, you will work in a collaborative team environment that encourages you to perform at your best, and challenges you to engineer elegant solutions for complex business problems. You will architect, design and develop robust software systems with unit and systems testing. You will need to be able to quickly learn and use new technologies, troubleshoot difficult problems and be an expert with the software lifecycle including scoping and estimation of requirements along with writing of technical documentation. Technologies we use: Github Enterprise, Continuous Integration, Jenkins, Python, Django, Celery, Django Rest Framework, SQLAlchemy, Redis, MongoDB and vagrant. We make use of modern processes and technologies wherever possible, including Github Pull Requests for code review, continuous deployment to our test environments, strict adherence to best practices, recommended code style and layout (PEP-8) and a strong drive around unit testing all our code. This gives us the confidence and ability to make significant refactoring changes across a large codebase quickly, without fear of having broken some code somewhere else. Responsibilities Coding of SaaS applications in an Agile development environment Developing automated tests, predicting areas of risk, and coordinating with our QA staff to achieve the best blend of error prevention and error detection possible Collaborate with other developers on best practices, code reviews, internal tools and process improvements Guide, coach and mentor team members as required, assisting in the team’s skills development during software development projects Work independently; designing, developing and deploying solutions, and deliver projects on time with minimal direction Collaboration includes ongoing peer review process. Qualifications MUST-HAVES Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or related field, or equivalent work 3-5 years' work experience &amp; desire/ability to continue learning 2+ years' experience web development with Python/Django 2+ years' experience with OOD web technology (any language) and Linux Must provide examples of contributions to open source community/GitHub NICE-TO-HAVES Experience with both UI &amp; backend development including one ORM technology Understanding of Web Services or ESB Experience with Apache, Jboss, or Tomcat Experience w/source control (SVN, Git, Mercurial), IDEs, &amp; defect tracking Innovative approach to development Passion for technology Ability to collaborate within and across teams Additional Information BENEFITS: Medical Ins. Dental Ins. Vision Ins. Life Ins. Retirement NO. OF VACANCIES: 1 Positions Available RELOCATION : Not Offered REMOTE WORK: Remote Work Not Available TRAVEL Travel: Not Offered VISA: Candidate Visas are not Supported Equityonfidential according to EEO guidelines.	Software Engineer - Python	NEX Connexion	Lake Success	NY	Lake Success, NY	NEX Connexion	Wed, 04 Nov 2015 04:05:59 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=2ccee96f2c7a12de&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa3fIf8gxIRQiB17qnNVaz3pJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke519918do094
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	TheLadders.com is in the business of connecting jobseekers, recruiters and employers. Our mission statement is to "develop the very best data driven products to improve the careers of our users." We seek out motivated people who will dig deep into the emotional and business drivers of our customers and help them make meaningful connections. Individually and collectively we solve problems, not with a sense of obligation, but rather responsibility. Everyone is empowered to make the tough decisions which will make our products and services even more valuable to our customers. Based in SoHo, we have one of the most open and advanced Agile workplaces in New York City. We have an engineering-team-driven organization where teams are made up of very smart and talented software engineers, plus marketing, product, visual/ux and data science that will learn about customers, generate ideas for improving products, build them and learn how effective those solutions have been. Our engineering team led goals are to learn, prototype, build, improve and success. We practice continuous integration, test-driven development, peer code reviews, pair programming and collaborative design studios. You’ll be on the cutting edge of current software development best practices and in the position to not just build the products, but have a real impact in why and how the product(s) are built. We’re seeking Software Engineers with a strong passion for technology coupled with the desire to help people improve their career. We believe in small teams of world-class engineers that can solve problems and innovate at every layer of the stack, and we want you to provide expert guidance and insights to those teams to ensure the long-term stability, quality and performance of our products. You must be a problem solver with exceptional hands-on coding skills. Some of the technologies we use are Java, Scala, Clojure, Git, Storm and ElasticSearch to name a few. We believe in using the right tool for the job. As a result, we’re constantly evolving our tech stack so we can work as effectively as possible. We also believe in providing our software engineers with the proper on-boarding, training and resources they need to be successful here at TheLadders. Find out more about our team by visiting: http://dev.theladders.com/ourteam Read about what we’re working on at http://dev.theladders.com and http://github.com/theladders Responsibilities of the Software Engineer: Develop a RESTful API for the web, internal applications and/or an iOS platform Contribute to the implementation of our highest profile projects, mentor junior engineers and help us to grow a world-class engineering team Collaborate with your team in brainstorming, designing and implementing new solutions Suggest tools and best practices to improve our stability, performance and site quality Basic Qualifications of the Software Engineer: 3+ years of experience as a developer CS degree or equivalent Knowledge of algorithms and data structures Strong OOP and modeling skills XP engineering practices Preferred Qualifications of the Software Engineer: JVM and the ecosystem of supporting tools inside and out Programming experience with Java and/or Scala With over 6 million users, TheLadders is the premier mobile career network, committed to improving the careers of others by providing access to people and acute intelligence. The only company with a free, mobile-to-mobile career community, TheLadders expanded its services in fall 2011 from job-matching for high-earning professionals to all career-driven professionals. In doing so, more than 65,000 employers and recruiters that use TheLadders to source qualified candidates now have access to professionals at all levels. TheLadders is headquartered in New York City. We are a dynamic, fast-paced, high-growth internet company that rewards meritorious performance. We work hard and have big fun. We are a results oriented, goals driven team with a strong commitment to excellence. We hire the best and the brightest individuals without regard to race, color, religion, creed, age, sex, sexual orientation, pregnancy, national origin, ancestry, marital status, veteran status, citizenship status, alienage, mental or physical disability, genetic predisposition or genetic carrier status, HIV status, or any other status protected by federal, state or local law. TheLadders.com is an equal opportunity employer.	Software Engineer	TheLadders	New York	NY	New York, NY	TheLadders	Fri, 23 Oct 2015 17:05:00 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=e9139af73b190157&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa3fIf8gxIRQiB17qnNVaz3pJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke519918do094
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	The Digital Analytics Engineer role is a key leadership role within the CRM &amp; Research team. You will be responsible for the implementation of the end-to-end solution to enable analysis of web user behaviour patterns, usage and trends. This is a hands-on role with significant scope which will require you to work closely with Product teams, Development teams and Data Scientists. You will enable the capture and analytics on client web data, which will be repurposed throughout our Research Technology platform. The IB IT Advisory Research &amp; CRM team is part of the IB IT function and is dedicated to Corporate Center within the UBS Group. The team is responsible for a broad range of applications across data, analysis, CRM, Research Publishing and Marketing. Responsibilities – •Leverage leading web analytics solutions to deliver insightful and valuable reporting, analysis, and recommendations to clients •Implement, configure, and customise various web analytics tools to meet client business reporting needs •Develop deep knowledge of cross-department dependencies so that software built meets the needs of all •Manage the end-to-end solution across multiple interface and system boundaries, coordinating IT teams to effect the overall delivery Requirements -- •Minimum 1-3 years web analytics background needed (Adobe Omniture/Analytics, Google Analytics, WebTrends etc.) •Adobe Omniture/Adobe Analytics experience is highly preferred •Highly motivated, team-orientated, self-learner, responsible and focused on exceeding expectations •Bachelor's degree in computer engineering, computer science, mathematics, or other rigorous technical programs •SQL Skills required •Must be able to demonstrate strong problem analysis and problem-solving skills •Excellent communication skills Preferred Qualifications *LI-JH2 What we offer UBS can offer you an environment geared towards performance, attractive career opportunities, and an open corporate culture that values and rewards the contribution of every individual.	IT Software Engineer	UBS	Weehawken	NJ	Weehawken, NJ	UBS	Wed, 04 Nov 2015 18:48:05 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=38eaf79af85c185d&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa3fIf8gxIRQiB17qnNVaz3pJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke519918do094
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	About us: Our mission is to change the way consumers discover and purchase beauty, grooming, and lifestyle products. We combine a monthly subscription service with a fully integrated e-commerce shop. Every month, members sample high-end products targeted to fit their personal profile and behavior, learn about them through our content, and purchase full-size versions of the products they like. Brands love us because our platform provides an innovative and efficient way to access new customers. A few reasons why you should be interested in this opportunity: Birchbox launched in the Fall of 2010 and is one of the fastest growing companies in New York. We are backed by top VC firms, such as Accel Partners and First Round Capital. We have a huge worldwide audience – we currently send out about 1 million boxes per month. We’re all about bringing creative ideas to life – we experiment, iterate, learn, and repeat. You will build things people love - great design, simple user experience, and access to data help us achieve this. We will collaborate, with purpose – you will work in small groups with other talented thinkers. We’re smart, innovative, energetic, and lots of fun. What we'd like to see: 5+ years professional software engineering experience, 2+ years web-stack Experience developing in one or more of the following – Ruby, Python, PHP, and Java Experience with large-scale relational and non-relational databases A solid grounding in Computer Science, and an understanding of the efficiency of the code in terms of time and space A thirst for new knowledge, and responsibility Pragmatic thinkers: sometimes a beautiful solution is impermanent and expedient. You know how to make the call. Responsibilities: You will have the opportunity to work on all aspects of our technical infrastructure including: Developing new user-facing features for our engaged customer base across all markets Developing scalable backend services in key focus areas such as logistics, payments, and inventory management Working with our data science team to develop an infrastructure for personalization Building our internal and developer APIs Working with the entire team to provide a consistent, fast, and delightful, experience to our customers and partners Job Type: Full-time Salary: $140,000.00 /year Local candidates only: New York, NY Required experience: Engineering: 2 years Required education: Bachelor's 	Sr. Software Engineer @ fast-growing, VC-backed start up	Birchbox	New York	NY	New York, NY	Indeed	Tue, 13 Oct 2015 18:13:35 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=4a8551a99f26aca9&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa3fIf8gxIRQiB17qnNVaz3pJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke519918do094
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Animoto is looking for a solid Test Engineer to round out our 7-person Test Team. Testers at Animoto are strongly embedded within product teams and partner with developers to increase confidence in our software. We are not trying to break systems that developers hand us, we’re working with developers to deeply understand and improve systems. Want to become an indispensable member of the engineering team? Read on... Test, as an engineering discipline, seems unusually vulnerable to existential crises. Every organization has a different perspective on test function, goals and deliverables. So we feel that a job posting needs to be fairly opinionated in terms of how we view “Test” at Animoto. Fundamentally, we believe TESTING IS ABOUT GETTING FEEDBACK FROM A SYSTEM. This is true whatever size of system we’re talking about, and whether we’re talking about a developer feeding inputs to a single function in console or a suite of automated UI tests running in the cloud. Testing is obviously not something that only testers do, but members of the Test Team are mostly focused on providing feedback and working on systems that can provide feedback. We try to avoid talking about ‘Quality Assurance’. This might just sound like semantics, but all teams need to care about quality and no one team can truly assure it. We value Automated testing and Exploratory testing. We do not write or run manual test scripts. Why you want to work at Animoto? ➼ You resonate with our Test philosophy and don't want to work anywhere that doesn't think about Test in that way. ➼ You want a chance to learn and grow as a Test Engineer. We encourage our testers towards deep understanding of the technologies and systems that they are testing. ➼ A powerful and cool product. We are a New York based tech company that strives to enable anyone to produce powerful, professional video. Our patented cinematic artificial intelligence takes photos, video clips and music, analyzes them and outputs videos with high-end production value that tell a compelling story. We have over 14 million users, both consumers and businesses, a web-based video editor, mobile apps for iOS and Android, and integrations with various partners including Shutterfly. Animoto has been featured in the Apple store more than once, have contributed significant pieces to the Open Source community, and is a hub for the tech community workshops and meetups. ➼ Great benefits. Great salary, equity, 15 days of Paid Time Off, paid Holidays, 401k, 100% paid medical, dental and vision (for you and your family), Flexible Spending Account, TransitChek, paid volunteer day, fully stocked kitchen, upgraded Amazon Prime and Pandora accounts, beer for you and your friends, field trips, and crockpots for the chili cookoff! ➼ Our offices are pretty great: See Inside ➼ Voted Crain's Best Places to Work ("Heaven for fun-loving, creative types") ➼ Some more reasons to work at Animoto! http://animoto.com/about/careers Why Animoto wants you? You have a solid background in testing and strong attention to detail (experience with financial system would be a plus too!). You already have, or want to gain, some automation and coding chops. Be part of the entire SDLC, finding better ways to test at all stages and improve our process Know and explain common classes of bugs to the engineering team. Finding a way to prevent those bugs is a big plus. Determine the types of testing your area needs, when it needs them, and how that integrates with the rest of engineering Determine how test results should be reported for your area to give everyone the fastest, most useful feedback about the state of the project Know which tests work better with human interaction and which are a better fit for full automation. Work with the rest of the team to plan and implement those tests. Requirements Understand something about different test methodologies and about web technologies and apps Good problem-solving skills. Be able to figure out which part of a large system isn’t working Dedication to experimentation and continual learning. Tell us about the last great test book you read and how you applied that knowledge for bonus points Coding, especially in Ruby, is nice to have. Experience with automated testing especially using selenium or similar is great. Aptitude and excitement to learn is required. Thanks! We are an equal opportunity employer. We also love customized cover letters, applicants that meet the requirements of this job, candy, and taxidermy. We can’t wait to meet you!	Software Test Engineer	Animoto	New York	NY	New York, NY	Animoto	Mon, 02 Nov 2015 13:04:00 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=10d027f4bc0467f8&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa3fIf8gxIRQiB17qnNVaz3pJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke519918do094
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	General Dynamics Mission Systems (GDMS), a market leader and technology innovator, is seeking talented professionals to deliver cutting edge solutions to our customers. General Dynamics Mission Systems has an immediate opening for a Software Engineer to join our team. The position provides an opportunity to develop the cutting-edge technology that supports some of our nation's fundamental defense services. General Dynamics Mission Systems employees work closely with esteemed clients to develop solutions that allow them to carry out high-stakes national security missions. The selected candidate will work with collaborative teams to build and further advance General Dynamics Mission Systems' software systems and applications. In addition to receiving a competitive salary and generous health and personal benefits, the Software Engineer will enhance their skill-set by working among a talented and technically accomplished group of colleagues. The employee will also enjoy a flexible work environment where contributions are recognized and rewarded. Key Responsibilities Software Engineers conduct or participate in the research, design and development of systems software, software applications and/or tools for new programs and subprograms. Responsibilities also include enhancements, modifications and corrections to existing software. In addition, these employees are responsible for coding, testing, integrating and documenting software solutions. The candidate should have some knowledge or familiarity with at least three (3) of the following: Programming Languages C Programming Language C++ Programming Language Python Object-Oriented Programming Network Programming TCP, UDP, IP, Ethernet, etc. Sockets GUI Programming Software Development Lifecycle Agile Scrum Software Requirements Analysis Design Code Test Operating Systems Windows Linux System Command and Control Telecom SONET, PDH, TL1, etc. Device Drivers and Device Integration Basic Qualifications: Candidates must show a passion for innovation, a sophisticated understanding of software systems and applications, and the ability to effectively manage, grow and evolve General Dynamics Mission Systems' software solutions. The Software Engineer position requires a bachelor's degree in Software or Computer Engineering, Computer Science, or an equivalent field and zero to two years of related experience. Candidates with a master's degree also qualify. Applicants selected will be subject to a U.S. Government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information. Due to the nature of work performed within our facilities, U.S. citizenship is required. Qualifications (Preferred): Preferred Experience Includes: Qt Programming Environment Event-Driven Programming Real-Time Programming Embedded Systems Programming Multi-Threaded Programming FPGA-Related Programming Hardware Interfaces RS-232, USB, Ethernet, etc... Embedded Computers ATCA, cPCI, AMC, etc... IDEs Eclipse Qt NetBeans Microsoft Visual Studio Source Code Control Git Subversion ClearCase Database Programming MySQL Optics Domain Experience Company Overview: General Dynamics Mission Systems (GDMS) offers a powerful and robust portfolio of products, services and solutions that help customers successfully execute their missions in today’s dynamic environment. With unsurpassed engineering using an open systems approach, General Dynamics Mission Systems solves our customers’ most complex challenges while foreseeing future needs. At GDMS, our employees work in collaborative teams with leading edge technology and the best in the industry to solve tough customer problems while keeping our nation safe. Individuals are empowered to do their best work in an environment that encourages and supports innovative, collaborative and creative thinking. The General Dynamics ethos of honesty, transparency and trust is apparent in the way we work with our colleagues and our customers. We look forward to you joining our high performance team at GD Mission Systems! General Dynamics is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer that is committed to hiring a diverse and talented workforce. Apply: Apply for this job online Apply Refer Email this job to a friend Email Refer a LinkedIn connection Share on your newsfeed Interested in this opportunity? Socialize this job opportunity to a friend, colleague, or family member:	Software Engineer	General Dynamics Advanced Information Systems	Florham Park	NJ	Florham Park, NJ	General Dynamics Advanced Information Systems	Sat, 07 Nov 2015 07:03:17 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=6621f53f56b08b63&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa3fIf8gxIRQiB17qnNVaz3pJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke519918do094
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Title: Software Engineer – Entry Level (.Net) Location: Morristown, NJ Duration: Full Time (Permanent) Job Description: Responsibilities include: Supporting technology testing throughout the planning and delivery cycles. Deliver software development improvements. Support the development of Syntel’s best practices. Qualifications include: Bachelor or Master’s Degree in Computer Science or related field. Excellent verbal communication and written, with active listening and summarization skills. Knowledge and experience of gathering data for requirements and use case development. Research and gather both business and technology requirements to support project initiatives. Perform analysis of existing or new processes to determine how to best enable and implement. Respond to Intersystem impact requests to get the impacted stake holders. Work closely with a highly synergized team of Project Managers and Technical resources. Ensure comprehensive, timely and quality delivery of all requests. Works with business facing analysis to determine and translate business requirements into technology solutions. Work closely with clients/customers to ensure alignment on technical solution. Ensure that all documentation meets/aligns with required compliance standards. Coordinate and monitor end-to-end testing activities. Responsible for the quality of deliverables in terms of the analysis report, technical design documentation, and the adherence to technical compliance standards. Excellent judgmental, interpersonal, communication skills and follow-through. Active listening and summarization skills. Proactively influencing, advising, and collaborating with Business and Technologies partners at all levels. Willingness to relocate. Experience with any software technology: C++, JAVA, .net is a plus. Previous Internship preferred Job Type: Full-time 	Software Engineer – Entry Level (.Net)	Syntel Inc.	Morristown	NJ	Morristown, NJ	Indeed	Fri, 06 Nov 2015 14:17:49 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=3f41b7aa44afc486&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa3fIf8gxIRQiB17qnNVaz3pJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke519918do094
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Software Engineer - Voice and Video Communications Product BConnect is a unified multimedia communications product. The ideal candidate will design, develop, test, and provide innovative ways to deploy multimedia software to a unique set of clients. In addition, he or she must want to work in a fast environment, with a willingness to wear multiple hats to see a product evolve from start to finish, including testing and deployment. He or she is expected to continually learn and further his or her career as a software engineer. Qualifications: 3+ years of experience with proven expertise in server-side/advanced Javascript programming Experience developing in C or C++ on a Unix/Linux or Windows platform Must have strong data structures, network programming, and problem solving skills Familiarity with scripting A git profile and experience dabbling in new offerings, platforms, and languages Useful (not required): Exposure to a Voice Over IP or Video conferencing / Unified communication platform offerings SDK Familiarity with Asterisk Experience with Realtime Transport Protocol, SIP / XMPP A hacker mindset of continual learning, and using open source software 	Software Engineer for BConnect - Voice and Video Communications Product	MSH Group	New York	NY	New York, NY	MSH Group	Fri, 06 Nov 2015 07:53:22 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=7bbc9fc22c9e5779&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa3fIf8gxIRQiB17qnNVaz3pJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke519918do094
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Pivotal is a recognized leader in lean and agile software design and development practices. We build consumer and enterprise web and mobile applications for global clients, and a cloud platform for applications and data. We also developed Pivotal Tracker, the project management and collaboration tool used by thousands of software developers worldwide. We pair program, all day, every day because we know it delivers remarkable results. We practice and teach an approach to software engineering that applies across industries and organizations, so you’ll experience all types of teams, products, and technologies. And we believe in working at a sustainable pace – you’ll typically code hard for 8 hours each day, but then you’re off work to relax, recharge and refocus. Working at Pivotal means you get better at what you already do well. We set up regular retrospectives to figure out what we’re doing wrong so we can fix it, and what we’re doing right so we can improve on it. We consistently practice Test Driven Development, which results in high-quality, reliable and more maintainable code. And we believe that methodical, steady, relentless forward momentum drives consistent results. Requirements At least 2 years experience in Java programming, including but not limited to Java Server Pages (JSP), Servlet, Java Database Connectivity (JDBC) and application servers At least 2 years experience in Java, Spring, Spring MVC, Hibernate At least 6 months experience in HTML and JavaScript/Ajax Passion for growing your skills, tackling interesting work and challenging problems Experience in test first development and pair programming a plus Experience deploying to cloud environments a plus Benefits To make sure you start your day energized, we provide a catered breakfast every weekday morning, and unlimited snacks are available all day. Our collaborative, open-plan office space is filled with talented, like-minded Pivots who enjoy taking advantage of our weekly Tech Talks, playing ping pong, and hanging out with their co-workers on beer night.	Software Engineer - Java	emplyd	New York	NY	New York, NY	emplyd	Tue, 13 Oct 2015 21:18:35 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=81e6917fbceb7fd2&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa3fIf8gxIRQiB17qnNVaz3pJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke519918do094
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Syntel INC. - Nationwide leading IT Outsourcing, IT consulting, and BPO firm offering managed IT services, Enterprise Business Solutions and Collaborative client partnerships. “Small enough to listen, Big enough to deliver”…. Let me brief you about this fast growing IT Corporation. We are into IT Application &amp; outsourcing. We are NASDAQ listed, and CMM Level 5 Co. We have been in the industry since 1980. Our revenue is estimated at $ 824 million with the staff strength of 23,000 + Global Workforce. Syntel partners with leading corporations across banking &amp; financial services, insurance, healthcare, life sciences, retail, logistics and manufacturing. The Company leverages dedicated vertical and service Centers of Excellence along with a flexible Global Delivery Model to deliver solutions that drive innovation, improve quality and reduce costs for Global 2000 clients. Our Development centers are situated across the Globe - USA (Arizona, Tennessee, Maryland, Oregon, North Carolina, New York, and Michigan), Germany, Singapore, UK, and India. Title: Software Engineer (.NET)- – Entry Level Location: Morristown, NJ Duration: Full Time (Permanent) Job Description: Responsibilities include: Supporting technology projects throughout the planning and delivery cycles. Deliver software development improvements. Support the development of Syntel’s best practices. Qualifications include: Bachelors, or Master’s Degree in Computer Science or related field. Excellent verbal communication and written, with active listening and summarization skills. Knowledge and experience of gathering data for requirements and use case development. Research and gather both business and technology requirements to support project initiatives. Perform analysis of existing or new processes to determine how to best enable and implement. Respond to Intersystem impact requests to get the impacted stake holders. Work closely with a highly synergized team of Project Managers and Technical resources. Ensure comprehensive, timely and quality delivery of all requests. Works with business facing analysis to determine and translate business requirements into technology solutions. Lead end-to-end research and analysis across multiple teams. Work closely with clients/customers to ensure alignment on technical solution. Ensure that all documentation meets/aligns with required compliance standards. Coordinate and monitor end-to-end testing activities. Responsible for the quality of deliverables in terms of the analysis report, technical design documentation, and the adherence to technical compliance standards. Excellent judgmental, interpersonal, communication skills and followthrough. Active listening and summarization skills. Proactively influencing, advising, and collaborating with Business and Technologies partners at all levels. Willingness to relocate. Experience with any software technology: C++, JAVA, .net is a plus. All selected candidates will go through training related to testing technologies post which they will be absorbed into active project. Required education: Bachelor's 	Software Engineer(.NET)_Entry Level_Fulltime	SYNTEL INC	Morristown	NJ	Morristown, NJ	Indeed	Fri, 06 Nov 2015 14:26:17 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=894ccc6f3a611c1c&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa3fIf8gxIRQiB17qnNVaz3pJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke519918do094
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Are you passionate, driven, and inspired to help people? Do you embrace differences in other's backgrounds and perspectives? Do you take pride, accept accountability, and strive to be awesome in everything you do? Are you proactive and persistent, with a sense of urgency and purpose? Do you insist on teamwork and open, effective communication? Are you continuously striving to achieve better outcomes through innovation, creativity, growth and learning? If you answered "Yes" to these questions, then you'll fit right in here at HealthcareSource! We are seeking a Software Engineer to create awesome software that helps healthcare organizations acquire, develop and retain quality people and in turn, deliver outstanding care to patients. This position offers excellent career growth and is ideal for someone looking for the next step in a highly visible role. The position is located in our Clifton Park, NY office and reports to the Software Engineering Manager. What will I do? You’ll work on new product development, front-to-back, utilizing cutting edge Microsoft technologies. You’ll analyze, design, code, test and deploy software on a variety of projects. You’ll be a part of all phases of development and you’ll be psyched to know that we are doing Agile really, really well with an emphasis on architecture, quality, design and code reviews. What do I need? 5+ years of experience in .NET technologies that might include: C#, HTML, CSS, JQuery, ASP.NET, MVC, Web API, WCF, App Fabric, Entity Framework or other ORM, MEF, Visual Studio, Octopus, NuGet, ReSharper, TFS Solid understanding of database technologies, SQL Server preferred Proven ability to quickly investigate, learn and deliver technical solutions Proven ability to master new development tools and passion for learning Exceptional communication and collaboration skills Experience with in an Agile/Scrum environment preferred About HealthcareSource: With more than 2,500 healthcare clients, HealthcareSource is the leading provider of talent management solutions for the healthcare industry. The HealthcareSource Quality Talent SuiteSM helps healthcare organizations recruit, develop, and retain the best workforce possible in order to improve the patient and resident experience. The company’s cloud-based talent management solutions include applicant tracking, behavioral assessments, reference checking, employee performance, compensation, competency and learning management, and eLearning courseware. A private company focused exclusively on the healthcare industry, HealthcareSource consistently earns high marks for client satisfaction and retention. KLAS Research recently named HealthcareSource a category leader for Talent Management for the third consecutive year, in addition to recognition in Healthcare Informatics 100, Modern Healthcare’s “Healthcare’s Hottest,” Inc. 500|5000, Deloitte Technology Fast 500, and Becker’s “150 Great Places to Work in Healthcare” list. HealthcareSource is an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate against qualified applicants with regard to race, color, religion, gender, age, sexual orientation, national origin, handicap, or veteran status. Software Engineering / QA 	Software Engineer	HealthcareSource	New York	NY	New York, NY	VentureFizz	Thu, 22 Oct 2015 20:59:05 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=1b28fce9484e858f&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa3fIf8gxIRQiB17qnNVaz3pJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke519918do094
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Principal Software Engineer A technically strong hands on expert who can provide thought leadership in the areas of Solr capabilities, including indexing, configuration &amp; optimization for Client’s web properties. She/He must be able to design, build and support business requirements around SOLR/Lucene search engine and SEO. The candidate should have a solid understanding of overall search architecture including design and implementation of user interface changes for search solutions using HTML5, JavaScript, and Open Source JavaScript frameworks. Practical hands on knowledge about Solr – Knows Schema.xml, solrconfig.xml, dismax, tie parameter, optimization, and optimization. Strong knowledge of Lucene API, taxonomy and search optimization techniques. Adept at programming in Java and experience with ETLs. Serves as the subject matter expert (SME) for search optimization across Client’s web and content properties. Determines and develops architectural approaches and solutions, conducts business reviews, documents current systems and develops recommendations of how to proceed with the applications Evaluates existing or proposed systems for the business, and devises computer systems and related procedures to solve the business need Devises or modifies procedures to solve problems considering system(s) capacity and limitations, operation time, and form of desired results Strong sense of ownership and accountability with a commitment to delivering quality outcomes that balance technical and business goals. Qualifications: 10+ years of experience in the eCommerce/Content space with a focus on search engines (GSA, SOLR, Lucene, etc.) 5+ years Search Engine Optimization experience. Experience on Demandware based eCommerce Platforms and/or Adobe Experience manager based web CMS platforms. Knowledge of Google Analytics and Webmaster tools Experience working with technical SEO tools such as Screaming Frog, SEMRush, and Moz. Understanding of HTML, CSS, JavaScript Strong communication skills with the ability to effectively interface with business as well as technical teams. Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or Engineering Job Type: Full-time Salary: $165,000.00 /year Required experience: SOLR SEO Development : 4 years 	Principal Software Engineer SOLR SEO	Emerson United Inc	New York	NY	New York, NY	Indeed	Fri, 09 Oct 2015 18:48:59 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=e7ea2da8e0e3fd8d&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa3fIf8gxIRQiB17qnNVaz3pJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke519918do094
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	We are looking for technology experts. If you are a talented application developer who wants to play a key role in a disruptive start-up, keep reading! What's the job? Getting it done. You will be working closely with multiple facets of the organization to define, develop and execute projects. This involves Product, Design, and Engineering collaboration at its finest. We're a fast-moving team who continually engages with our members to provide the product they need. We push roll-outs frequently and strive to stay on the forefront of innovation. Who are we? We are one of the fastest growing start-ups in the world. Our community rely's on us to provide them the necessary tools to succeed. We are changing the way businesses thrive and grow. Our members do what they love, the rest is on us. It's our passion to provide physical, digital and virtual offerings to enhance our members' success. What tools do I need to succeed? Fluency in one or more backend languages (PHP, Python, Perl...) Interest in a fast-paced agile environment We utilize a number of new technologies include Ruby/RoR, Node.js, &amp; React. If you have these skills great, but the propensity to learn and bring new ideas to the table is just as important! Who are you? You are an experienced engineer with the capability to bring ideas to the table You are curios and want to learn You like the idea of small, agile and dynamic teams You can mentor others as well as learn from those around you You can hustle. When it comes to work you have the ability to get it done with little oversight You want your work to be fulfilling What do you get in return? Excellent above-market compensation package including salary, bonus and equity (Our valuation keeps growing.) Beer on tap Food, snacks and coffee A fully renovated multi-level loft office space (You may not want to leave) A culture of innovation 	Full Stack Software Engineer: Application Development	Averity	New York	NY	New York, NY	Averity	Wed, 04 Nov 2015 22:27:47 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=e9cf96270782e22c&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa3fIf8gxIRQiB17qnNVaz3pJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke519918do094
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	We are seeking talented engineers in the area of distributed storage systems to help create world-class storage solutions at Two Sigma. Our storage requirements are scaling at multiple petabytes per year across a diverse array of storage solutions including block storage, object storage, time series and key-value based systems. We are looking for motivated engineers to help design and implement the next generation of distributed storage in support of our large scale research and trading systems. As a storage engineer, you will be involved in: Backend and client development of multiple storage solutions; Exposure to diverse research and trading use cases such as big data (e.g. Spark), logging (e.g. Graphite), and trading (e.g. market data); Capacity planning and strategy for storage growth; and, Participation in open-source development, including contributing code. Requirements Include: Strong programming and computer science skills. Experience in backend development in C, C++ or Java preferred. Proficient working in Linux. Candidates with experience in one or more of the following are especially encouraged to apply: RADOS/Ceph, HDFS, Gluster, S3 or other AWS storage products, Caringo, Scality, Google BigTable or other Google storage products. 	Storage Software Engineer	Two Sigma Investments, LLC.	New York	NY	New York, NY	Two Sigma Investments, LLC.	Fri, 16 Oct 2015 18:02:58 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=91575da4906c1d89&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa3fIf8gxIRQiB17qnNVaz3pJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke519918do094
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Candidates for all positions will work on team of developers to develop, deploy and support major brokerage clients’ applications. Degree Requirement for all Positions: BS in Computer Science or related field Required Skills and Experience Years Experience (Junior) – Java Support Engineer: 0-3 Java software development language, tools and techniques. Unix and Linux shell scripting and SQL programming. Unix and/or Linux-based application servers: Weblogic, Tomcat and Jetty. Excellent English language oral and written communication skills. Source code control tools and concepts (CVS/SVN, branches, etc.). Ability to analyze and troubleshoot existing code and make modifications to remedy issues within an existing Java framework. Must meet tight deadlines and work on several projects simultaneously. Must be able to work within a team environment as well as work independently on projects. Eclipse IDE Experience with following a benefit: Build tools: ant / maven, Unit testing Testing tools: Junit, Mock Frameworks JIRA A background in financial/brokerage industry is a plus. Any relational database. Oracle preferred. DB2 a plus. Rest Webservices and SOAP. Please e-mail your resume to: jennifer.stroger@scivantage.com and include the job title in the subject line. Recruiters please do not respond to this posting or contact Scivantage with unsolicited services or offers. 	Junior Software Engineer	scivantage	Jersey City	NJ	Jersey City, NJ	scivantage	Thu, 29 Oct 2015 01:06:50 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=4086121d9f9e1dad&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa3fIf8gxIRQiB17qnNVaz3pJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke519918do094
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	FactSet provides industry-leading financial information and market data for a wide variety of financial professionals. Our clients trust us with their data for millions of portfolios in order to receive sophisticated portfolio analytics through workstation, web, and mobile platforms as well as feeds. The FactSet Investor Network builds upon years of innovation to connect our clients to each other in new and exciting ways. FactSet is seeking Senior and Junior Software Engineers interested in applying modern web technologies and design to create simple and elegant solutions. Responsibilities + Participate in a fast-paced agile project to bring a new product to life + Design and develop a new codebase using the latest technologies + Create and use APIs to handle interactions with stakeholders + Build visualizations and UI to make ideas clear and intuitive + Develop a deep understanding of our clients’ workflows Job Requirements : + Expertise in browser technologies (HTML/JS/CSS), familiarity with multiple frameworks a plus + Experience with server-side development frameworks such as ASP.NET, Node.js, or other + Experience building RESTful services and AJAX-driven applications + Experience with client-side development frameworks such as Angular.js + OOP experience, functional programming experience a plus + MSSQL or MySQL experience preferred, NoSQL a plus + BS or MS in Computer Science or equivalent professional experience FactSet is a financial data and software company headquartered in Norwalk, Connecticut with offices in 35 locations worldwide. As of March 17, 2015, annual subscription value reached $1.005 billion, and headcount passed 6,900. FactSet has been publicly traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol FDS since 1996 and on NASDAQ under the same symbol since 2009. FactSet was ranked #48 on FORTUNE’s “100 Best Places to Work” list in 2015 and has consistently been recognized as a great workplace by leading publications. FactSet Research Systems Inc. is an E-Verify participant and EOE/M/F/D/V Employer which strongly supports diversity in the workforce. Equal Opportunity Employment Policy It is the policy of FactSet Research Systems Inc. ("FactSet") to provide equal employment and advancement opportunities to all qualified employees and applicants for employment regardless of their race, color, religion, sex, age, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, physical or mental disability, genetic information, protected veteran status, pregnancy, military or military reserve obligations, or any other class or status protected by law. This policy applies to all policies and procedures related to recruitment, hiring, training, promotion, compensation, benefits, transfer, discharge, and other terms and conditions of employment. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability or protected veteran status. If you have questions concerning this policy, please contact the Human Resources department at +1 (203) 810-1000. 	Software Engineer - Portfolio Services	FactSet Research Systems	New York	NY	New York, NY	FactSet Research Systems	Sun, 18 Oct 2015 05:53:46 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=1b857f3dee0f9466&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2yYg23fB90Nz-oBxQIYnjPJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke554a18i35h7
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Genesis10 is seeking a Senior Software Engineer. This is for a full-time position in New York, NY. Description: Our client is looking for a Senior Software Developer. This group is developing a cloud-based compliance archiving service, eDiscovery tools and real-time compliance monitoring infrastructure. Their software, which is hosted in their private cloud, has gained rapid market adoption with over 700 enterprises and processes more than 200 million daily messages and archives over 60 billion messages. Our client is changing the way compliance is integrated into enterprise workflows. Our fast-paced R&amp;D team is looking for developers that are up for the challenge of building secure, scalable and high quality services using a combination of proprietary and open source components. Content ingestion of e-mail, IM, mobile, voice, social media, files using SMTP,SFTP,SICAP, HTTPS and proprietary protocols Long-term archiving in geo-distributed and compliant storage, e.g. WORM, replicated/redundant , cold storage, encryption Massively scalable time-based and faceted search and real-time analytics using Lucene, Solr, Hadoop and big data/machine learning technologies Real-time and in-stream compliance monitoring, surveillance and analytics with flexible policy-based orchestration Applications for compliance review workflows and eDiscovery processes developed using Ruby on Rails, JavaScript and open source web stack The ideal candidate will join a quickly growing agile team to drive the development of analytics and data enrichment. Must be able to work independently to find a path to success by researching and recommending alternatives when faced with challenging situations. Candidates should have a passion for technology and a flexible, creative approach to problem solving. They should be able to take ownership of business requirements and devise and develop solutions that meet customer needs. Time to market is critical. Day to day tasks will involve the development and integration of new applications and enhancements. Requirements: BS in Computer Science/Computer Engineering or comparable experience 5+ years of experience in development/design the software with object-oriented languages such as C/C++ on Unix, shell scripting, web services and relational databases Experience with building large-scale distributed enterprise system Excellent problem solving and multi-tasking skills, with a creative and flexible attitude Desire and ability to share ideas; solid verbal and written communication skills Experience in the Big Data infrastructures (such as Hadoop, Solr, NOSQL Databases) required; machine learning and real-time analytics experience a plus Familiarity with RESTful APIs and open source technologies such as Kafka, Cassandra, Storm and Accumulo is a plus If you have the described qualifications and are interested in this exciting opportunity, please apply! About SWATT: The Genesis10 Software and Technology Team (SWATT) is a specialized recruiting service focused on helping accomplished software developers, programmers, platform engineers and elite technology professionals find once-in-a-lifetime career opportunities in New York City with the world’s most advanced technology organizations. Whether local to New York or relocating from across North America, we take an authentic approach to helping people make life-changing technology career decisions. For more information go to http://swatt.genesis10.com/ “Genesis10 is an Equal Opportunity Employer, M/F/D/V”	Senior Software Engineer	Genesis10	New York	NY	New York, NY	Genesis10	Wed, 04 Nov 2015 03:06:00 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=0cb9ef45468be9af&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2yYg23fB90Nz-oBxQIYnjPJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke554a18i35h7
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	The main responsibilities of this position will be to design and develop services for Digital Media Management and stats generation and distribution system. The position requires extensive knowledge of application design and implementation. Major Responsibilities 1.Design and develop software solution for digital media technology and data services. 2.Strong and effective inter-personal and communication skills and the ability to interact professionally with a diverse group of clients and staff. 3.Translate system requirements to database tables and software components. 4. Improve operations by conducting systems analysis; recommending changes in policies and procedures. 5.Maintain and support existing suite of software applications. 6.Research and recommend technologies to management. 7. Analyze current software including performance, diagnosis and troubleshooting of issues, and designing solutions to the issues. Required Experience &amp; Knowledge Strong knowledge of MS ASP.NET, C#, MVC, multi-threading),JSON, HTML5, CSS, Javascript, JQuery, .NET Framework Strong knowledge of OOP design methods and techniques. Strong knowledge of relational databases. 5+ years in software development experience. Experience with REST-based web services. Experience with window services. background of sport stats or video knowledge is a plus. Educational Background Required BS degree in Computer Science or Engineering. 	Senior Software Engineer, Media & Distribution Technology	NBA	Secaucus	NJ	Secaucus, NJ	NBA	Tue, 03 Nov 2015 16:06:08 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=fc3063e7970c1256&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2yYg23fB90Nz-oBxQIYnjPJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke554a18i35h7
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Global Equity Derivatives (GED) IT is responsible for engineering and maintaining the software components used to run the Global Equity Derivatives business. This covers applications across pre trade, e.g. pre trade negotiation, quoting, order management, trade capture, post trade, e.g. risk management, lifecycle management. This role is in the Proprietary Index Lifecycle processing team. - Responsible for designing, developing, and implementing software solutions from small components, to entire applications, to owning the development of software solutions spanning multiple complex systems. Software Engineers will adhere to the established lifecycle methodology and practices, in accordance to project plans while carrying out their responsibilities. - Responsible for delivering automated repeatable build &amp; deployment tools for all environments (including prod) - Developing software components as defined by SDLC - Performing unit and integration tests of software components for integration into larger subsystems, in accordance with the project's adopted standards - Documenting code und produces defined work products - Applying standards, methods, techniques, templates as defined by SDLC (code repository handling, code inspection, penetration-avoidance, etc.) and uses tools approved by CTO - As a special characteristics of a Support Developer, supporting SWCM in problem solving (3rd level support) that means resolving high-priority defects and deploying fixes to production systems - Coaching colleagues in more junior roles - Ensuring that produced code/ system/ service is secure, with good performance, stable, operational and consistent before handover to SWCM - Delivering working results on timely basis and for regularly reporting to SWCM / PM as agreed on - Testing unit and integration of components - Managing versions of software artifacts - Embed Risk Awareness by designing and operating an effective control environment, proactively identifying and raising control deficiencies and driving diligent and sustainable risk remediation. Job Requirements: - Hands-on commercial experience designing &amp; developing professional java based applications. - J2EE technologies: including JSP, Java Servlets - Spring and Hibernate experience - Web client technologies: HTML, DHTML/StyleSheets &amp; JavaScript - Web application design (incl. Model/View/Controller) - Unix, Linux including scripting - Database technologies: Oracle - Data Modeling/Database Design experience Requirements Requirements included in Job Description. What we offer UBS offers talented individuals around the world a challenging, diverse and supportive working environment in which passion, commitment and hard work are valued and rewarded. Why UBS? Watch the video	Software Engineer - Global Equity Derivatives	UBS	Weehawken	NJ	Weehawken, NJ	UBS	Tue, 03 Nov 2015 18:46:01 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=0f5002e652195f5d&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2yYg23fB90Nz-oBxQIYnjPJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke554a18i35h7
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Scientific Software Deployment Engineers at D. E. Shaw Research D. E. Shaw Research New York, NY devops linux mysql automation sysadmin Computational Biochemistry Exceptional Deployment Engineers are sought to join an ambitious, well-funded high-performance computing and research group based in New York City. These hires are expected to contribute to the development of scientific workflow systems, deployment of software and infrastructure, standardization of tools, regression testing, configuration management, and/or third-party support for our simulation tools packages. Ideal candidates will have strong Python programming and scripting experience, exceptional communication skills, and a demonstrated track record of academic, industrial, and/or open source accomplishments. Other relevant areas of expertise might include high-throughput workflows, structured and unstructured data management and analysis, distributed systems software, software release management, automation testing, and quality assurance, but specific knowledge of any of these areas is less critical than a track record of achievement and innovation. Our group is developing multiple generations of the Anton supercomputer, a massively parallel special-purpose machine that speeds up molecular dynamics simulations by orders of magnitude and is designed in part to fundamentally transform the process of drug discovery. If you are interested in working closely with a team of the world’s leading biologists, chemists, and computer scientists, please use the link below to submit your application materials. We take great pride in the caliber of our team, and we offer above-market compensation. To submit an application, please use the link provided below: http://www.deshawresearch.com/recruit/jobs/Ads/StackOverflow/SciDev D. E. Shaw Research is committed to building a diverse team. We offer an intellectually rigorous and stimulating work environment that is also supportive, flexible, and welcoming. We do not discriminate in employment matters on the basis of race, color, religion, gender, pregnancy, national origin, age, military service eligibility, veteran status, sexual orientation, marital status, disability, or any other protected class. About D. E. Shaw Research D. E. Shaw Research ("DESRES") is an independent research laboratory that conducts basic scientific research in the field of computational biochemistry under the direct scientific leadership of Dr. David Shaw, who serves as its Chief Scientist. How to apply To submit an application, please use the link provided below: http://www.deshawresearch.com/recruit/jobs/Ads/StackOverflow/SciDev \	Scientific Software Deployment Engineers at D. E. Shaw Research	D. E. Shaw Research	New York	NY	New York, NY	StackOverflow Jobs	Tue, 27 Oct 2015 17:45:00 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=ea8dce006cc85d47&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2yYg23fB90Nz-oBxQIYnjPJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke554a18i35h7
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Trustwave helps businesses fight cybercrime, protect data and reduce security risks. With cloud and managed security services, integrated technologies and a team of security experts, ethical hackers and researchers, Trustwave enables businesses to transform the way they manage their information security and compliance programs while safely embracing business imperatives including big data, BYOD and social media. More than two million businesses are enrolled in the Trustwave TrustKeeper® cloud platform, through which Trustwave delivers automated, efficient and cost-effective data protection, risk management and threat intelligence. Trustwave is a privately held company, headquartered in Chicago, with customers in 96 countries. For more information about Trustwave, visit www.trustwave.com . Trustwave, a leader in cloud-based compliance and information security solutions, announces an opening for a Senior Software Engineer to join Trustwave's Product Engineering Team in New York. We are looking for talented, highly motivated candidates with 6-10 years of software engineering experience that are interested in building Security Products for low-latency, high-volume environments. Responsibilities: Work in small, agile teams to design, prototype and build new product offerings and enhance existing products and tools Collaborate with Product Management to identify, prioritize and document detailed product requirements Design, develop and document application and framework code in Java and other object-oriented programming languages Create robust automated unit/functional test suites and deployment scripts Work with internal QA team on system, performance and acceptance testing Technical Requirements: Familiarity with agile/iterative development methodologies (XP, SCRUM, etc.) Strong object-oriented design and Java programming skills, including experience with leading open source frameworks such as Spring, Hibernate and Junit Experience developing rich application UIs Knowledge of JavaScript and web technologies for the browser (HTML, XML, CSS) Solid relational DBMS skills using MySQL, MS SQL, Oracle or other DBMS products Real-world experience building very large scale, high availability applications. Familiarity with Message Queueing technology (ActiveMQ, RabbitMQ, etc.) is desirable Experience developing web services using XML-RPC, SOAP, REST approaches Familiarity with C# and .NET is desirable but not required General Requirements: Ability to work with distributed teams in a dynamic, iterative development process Occasional overnight travel to other Trustwave offices in the U.S. may be required Able to quickly prototype ideas Able to give rough work estimates and strive to complete projects by the deadline Excellent oral and written communication skills Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or similar degree is preferred Familiarity with the security industry is desirable but not required Education: We prefer college-educated applicants, but at minimum, high school diploma or equivalent is required for employment. Trustwave is an Equal Opportunity Employer of Minorities, Females, Protected Veterans, and Individuals with Disabilities. To All Agencies: Please, no phone calls or emails to any employee of Trustwave outside of the Talent Acquisition team. Trustwave’s policy is to only accept resumes from agencies via the Trustwave Agency Portal. Agencies must have a valid fee agreement in place and they must have been assigned the specific requisition to which they submit resumes, by the Talent Acquisition team. Any resume submitted outside of this process will be deemed the sole property of Trustwave and in the event a candidate is submitted outside of this policy is hired, no fee or payment of any kind will be paid.	Senior Software Engineer (Java)	Trustwave	New York	NY	New York, NY	Trustwave	Sun, 08 Nov 2015 06:49:37 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=e60cd78bb548f3ad&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2yYg23fB90Nz-oBxQIYnjPJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke554a18i35h7
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	The Software Engineer will be accountable for developing and maintaining the Launchpad Marketing Cloud. The candidate must be familiar with a wide variety of technologies and have a drive to learn and be a team player! Location: Red Bank, NJ Responsibilities • Design, develop and modify modules based on functional and system requirements • Work closely with Product Owner for understanding the functional and system requirements • Provide feedback during design and code peer reviews • Adhere to software team's established processes and tools • Participate in sprint planning and estimating • Contribute ideas for process improvement, including coding practices, standards and tools • Work closely with Software Engineers to ensure architectural integrity and product quality • Engage in continuous self-improvement of technical and communications skills • Solid understanding of OOP/OOD Principles • Participate in testing process through unit testing and bug fixes • Strong ability to debug code quickly and efficiently • Maintain awareness of deadlines and priorities • All other duties as assigned Position Requirements Formal Education &amp; Certification • BS/BA degree in Computer Science, Information Systems or related field Like to Haves •2-4 years direct development experience • HTML5 / CSS Frameworks (Like LESS) / JavaScript • JQuery / knockoutjs / AngularJS • C# • MVC.Net, MVC Architecture • ADO.NET / ORM: Entity Framework, NHibernate, LINQ • WCF, WebAPI 2, Web Services (REST, SOAP) • SQL Server Databases (SQL Queries, Stored Procedures) • Basic Design Patterns (Repository Patter, Singleton, Dependency Injection) Other valuable skills • Agile/Scrum Methodologies • SignalR • SMTP Email Services Personal Attributes • Analytical and problem-solving capabilities • Ability to work independently or in a team environment • Ability to quickly learn and understand complex business and technical requirements • Methodical in approach to identifying issues and communicating resolutions • Good written and oral communication skills • Adept at conducting research into project-related issues and products • Ability to work under tight project deadlines Check us out at: http://www.v12groupinc.com/ 	Software Engineer - Launchpad Marketing Cloud	V12 Group	Red Bank	NJ	Red Bank, NJ	V12 Group	Mon, 02 Nov 2015 06:33:00 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=7e7a6d45f36e003e&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2yYg23fB90Nz-oBxQIYnjPJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke554a18i35h7
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	We are looking for the best and the brightest software engineers in test who love understanding deep and complex technical and business problems, and can craft tests to ensure the quality of the solution. Our software engineers in test will have a strong voice in how we build our software. We need individuals with a passion for quality products, a desire to learn about the business, and an unparalleled drive to deliver world-class software across the desktop, web, and mobile contexts. Financial services knowledge is not required, but a strong engineering mindset and razor-sharp problem solving skills are a must.Responsibilities Testing all tiers of applications with a variety of automation testing tools across multiple contexts (desktop, server, web, mobile) Helping to transform the current test environment into heavy automation Training the team in test automation Participating in choosing appropriate testing tools by contributing to proof of concepts Participating in the design and architecture of solutions across the full technology stack with a specific focus on quality and testability Participating in and helping evolve our Agile SDLC process Working closely with our Product team to understand features, and our Software Engineering and DevOps teams to test, deploy and support the platform Operating in a low ego, collaborative environmentRelevant Skills Experience hand coding automated test cases using modern testing tools or languages (testing tools: preferably Selenium, Cucumber and Junit; languages: preferably Java, C# or Ruby) Experienced managing test environments and test data Demonstrated ability to break down business problems into a comprehensive set of repeatable test cases. Can decipher log files to determine why software isn’t behaving correctly, and track down possible reasons to the code level Experienced with Jira or a similar issue tracking tool, a test management tool (i.e. Zephyr or Quality Center), Source code control (cvs, svn or git), *nix command line and scripting, and SQL Agile Methodologies: Scrum, XP, Kanban, TDD/BDDAbout Eliassen Group: Eliassen Group is a premier staffing and consulting company that has been in business since 1989. We have a dozen offices -- from Boston, Massachusetts to the Research Triangle in North Carolina -- and we place highly-skilled people at client locations throughout the U.S.Our goal is to use our experience to help you find a great job – one that matches your experience and interests. If you are an Agile professional searching for a new position, Eliassen Group may be exactly the valuable partner you need. Please submit your resume so that we can learn more about you.	Software Engineer in Test	Eliassen Group	New York	NY	New York, NY	Eliassen Group	Wed, 04 Nov 2015 23:43:00 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=81ca3612f3a0d407&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2yYg23fB90Nz-oBxQIYnjPJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke554a18i35h7
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Job Description Keywords: New York City NY Jobs, Quantitative Software Engineer, C++, Java, Perl, Python, UNIX Shell, New York Recruiters, Information Technology Jobs, IT Jobs, New York Recruiting Will relocate the right candidate. Will Sponsor Visa’s. Will only consider candidates from top tier computer science universities and/or individuals with a stellar GPA. Bachelor’s and/or Master’s degree from a top computer science program with a GPA of 3.5 or higher. PhD preferred. Top computer science program preferred (Carnegie Mellon University, Massachusetts Institute of Technology/MIT, Stanford University, University of California-Berkeley, Cornell University, University of Illinois-Urbana-Champaign, Princeton University, University of Washington, University of Texas-Austin, Georgia Institute of Technology, California Institute of Technology, University of Wisconsin-Madison, University of Michigan-Ann Arbor, etc. Ready to hire! Hiring several in this role. Fantastic opportunity with a very successful company with cutting-edge technology and a staff consisting of many of the brightest quantitative talent in the world. Summary: Seeking exceptional technologists with advanced mathematical and statistical abilities to join the team. Equal parts code experts and mathematical thinkers, quantitative software engineers bring together technical and analytical expertise to grapple with difficult computational and data-related problems directly and implement efficient and innovative solutions. Entailing a sophisticated knowledge of algorithms, statistics, and high-performance computing, this effort has attracted ACM programming competition finalists, Top Coder contenders, and other highly technical, competitive problem solvers. Quantitative Software Engineers are responsible for bringing a wealth of ideas to fruition by designing and implementing trading strategies; and building the tools and engines that bring platforms and models to life. Qualifications Qualifications: At a minimum, a bachelor's degree in computer science, applied mathematics, or another technical discipline from a top university. Strong numerical programming skills. Experience with scientific computing, algorithm development, or pattern recognition. A background or interest in building large-scale, real-time, and distributed applications is desired. Experience developing high-performance, multi-threaded applications using several programming languages including Java and C++. Knowledge of scripting languages such as Perl, Python, and UNIX shell. While we analyze the data-rich domain of finance, financial experience is not a requirement. Please check out all of our jobs at http://nextstepsystems.com. Additional Information Please check out all of our jobs at www.nextstepsystems.com.	Quantitative Software Engineer	Next Step Systems	New York	NY	New York, NY	Next Step Systems	Wed, 04 Nov 2015 04:34:31 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=ceb62300b59b3574&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2yYg23fB90Nz-oBxQIYnjPJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke554a18i35h7
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Design and implement testing infrastructures by writing code to validate a large scale application deployment, partner with software developers to create / code test tools and implement automation concurrent with product development. In this role, you will need to possess a broad view of the entire product deployment to ensure appropriate / efficient re-use of existing libraries, methods, classes, etc. in adequate automation tools and infrastructures. In addition, you will have following responsibilities: oParticipate in software code / design / requirements review processes to assist with deciding what unit tests to write and ensure testability of new code. oCollaborate with Software Development team to maintain consistency and testability of our software. oWork with developers on all aspects of quality in software, database, migration and maintenance routines. oCollaborate with Software Development team in all aspects of the development lifecycle from early design feedback. oFunctional automation, reliability, stress, performance, integration testing, through to supporting production issues. oCreate, maintain, and execute test plans and test cases. Analyze and report results, track defects, and participate in day-to-day QA support activities. Requirements: oAbility to translate business and regulatory requirements into unit and solution level test cases. oExperience developing tools for and working in a continuous improvement environment. oMinimum of 3 years' experience working in teams employing Agile and/or Lean methodologies with the ability to prioritize across multiple tasks / stories / sprints. oCore development skill set with a propensity for testing with strong debugging skills. oExperience with public (i.e., JUnit, Selenium), and internally developed tools / products. oExperience with QA of complex software deployed to production servers. oAbility to program in Python. oKnowledge of Git for source control management. oKnowledge and experience in the following languages and technologies: Python, HTML, JavaScript, Web Services, JSON, CSS oStrong written and verbal communications skills. oB.S. in Computer Science or equivalent with 5+ years of working experience. Go to http://www.cmp.jobs to see more jobs.	Senior Production Software QA Engineer	Capital Markets	New York	NY	New York, NY	CMP.jobs	Fri, 30 Oct 2015 11:28:36 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=449820164db580b9&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2yYg23fB90Nz-oBxQIYnjPJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke554a18i35h7
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Position Responsibilities\Requirements SunGard’s utility provides customers with derivatives clearing operations and technology services for trade clearing, trade lifecycle management, margin processing, brokerage, reconciliation, data management and regulatory reporting. It helps derivatives brokers, including Futures Commission Merchants, to achieve greater efficiency, cut operational risk, and reduce total cost of ownership by leveraging economies of scale in middle- and back-office processing and technology. So why is this one of the most exciting opportunities in the industry? • The utility model is the future of IB operations – major investment banks are looking to shift to the utility model in order to address increasing cost and regulatory pressures • The SunGard derivatives utility is at the forefront of the OTC Clearing and Futures market, with their technology platforms used by every investment bank in this field • High performers who join the utility at the start will have a chance to be in the driver’s seat, as we transform the derivative industry. The career opportunities will be tremendous • You will work much more closely with technology partners and be able to make critical process and system enhancements faster and more efficiently. • You will be part of a revenue center instead of a cost center. It is a completely different way of looking at operations. To learn more about the utility, please visit https://www.sungard.com/resources/capital-markets/videos/pt-barclaysmigratessungard-video. We are seeking someone special… We are looking for a Software Developer who will help with the trade management and data distribution function of ADS unification initiative. This is a major strategic initiative and we are looking for candidates that have significant change experience and specific experience building and implementing complex systems at other major financial institutions. Does this describe you? • Passionate about reading and writing elegant code. • Able to translate complex business needs into user-focused technology solutions. • Always curious and have the intellectual agility to learn quickly and adapt to change. • Enjoy tackling challenges. • Results-oriented, flexible and able to succeed within a fun and collaborative environment. • Take your responsibilities seriously and hold yourself – and your work product – to the highest standards of excellence and quality. • Eager and willing to try new things and embrace the latest technologies. • Excited about pursuing innovation that will benefit your clients, uncover better ways of doing things and push the frontiers of what’s possible. If you have the experience and passion to… • Work with the latest tools and frameworks on SunGard’s ADS platform to develop, maintain, and test robust and scalable applications, some of which may require you to stretch the boundaries of existing technology sets. • Identifying and solving complex business facing problems and driving the execution of the resulting change • Provide Functional, regression, user acceptance testing design and execution • Write robust code that adheres to defined standards and raises the bar with respect to quality. And you have achieved… • 3+ Years of hands on experience with Distributed (Java/J2EE) and messaging technologies. • Solid Understanding of SQL • Strong analytical and problem solving skills. • Minimum of a Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or other equivalent combination of training and experience. And ideally possess … • A good understanding of with system implementation lifecycle methodologies particularly in the analysis and design phases, including development of business requirements / functional specifications and test case development • The ability to challenge development ideas and technical approaches. • Knowledge of professional software engineering practices &amp; best practices for the full software development life cycle, including coding standards, code reviews, source control management, build processes, testing and operations. • Experience in communicating with users, other technical teams and managers to collect requirements, describe software product features, technical designs and product strategy. • You are tenacious; rarely giving up until you have reached a logical and useful solutions • Contribution to Open Source Project on platforms such as GitHub, a big plus! Recruitment at SunGard Financial Systems works primarily on a direct sourcing model; a relatively small portion of our hiring is through recruitment agencies. SunGard does not accept resumes from recruitment agencies which are not on the preferred supplier list and is not responsible for any related fees for resumes submitted to job postings, our employees, or any other part of our company . We are an Equal Opportunity Employer and do not discriminate against applicants due to race, ethnicity, gender, veteran status, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin or on the basis of disability or any other federal, state or local protected class. Employment contingent upon successful completion of background investigation and pre-employment drug screen. As part of the selection process this role may require an assessment to determine suitability. .	Java Software Engineer	SunGard Financial Systems	New York	NY	New York, NY	SunGard	Sun, 11 Oct 2015 03:35:30 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=a65c8d5a1285feab&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2yYg23fB90Nz-oBxQIYnjPJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke554a18i35h7
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Are you fascinated by the marriage of data + engineering and all its possibilities? Join this fast-growing tech company that helps bleeding-edge startups and huge companies transform their organizations through the power of data! As a server-side engineer, you’ll help build the best database ecosystem for a constantly evolving cloud-based web app that handles over a billion metrics and tens of billions of backup processes each day. THE TECHNOLOGY Java (core), Linux basics, Go, MongoDB, modern JavaScript APIs and frameworks (jQuery, Backbone) YOUR DAY TO DAY Work in an agile team environment with a fast release cycle Help operations and enterprise teams to support clients Design, implement, and test new infrastructure and UI features Automate everything - continuous backups, point-in-time recovery, performance alerts ABOUT YOU You have a passion for technology and the drive to constantly improve your skills 5+ years of experience building full-stack web applications Expertise in one compiled programming language (preferably Java, C++, or C#), deep core Java knowledge a plus Familiarity with Go, MongoDB, modern JavaScript APIs and frameworks THE TEAM This fast growing tech company headquartered in NYC has grown to 470 employees, with a 100 person tech team in NYC. Join these engineers and work on a small, subteam of 4-7 people. You’ll have flexibility to move around and work with different teams on different projects. CULTURE, BENEFITS, PERKS In addition to working with highly skilled and experienced engineers, they offer excellent compensation, full benefits, and opportunities to learn and be involved with the tech community through open-source projects, meetups, conferences, training programs and more that they host right in their sprawling midtown office. ABOUT US: Clutch Talent is a boutique recruitment firm, specializing in white-glove representation for software engineers. We work with top tech companies and carefully selected startups in NYC to help build their engineering teams, and have a thoughtful, respectful, transparent approach to matching people with jobs they will love. Is this job not the right fit for you? We have plenty of other positions available, so drop us a line and let us know what you’re looking for. We can make the right introductions to accelerate your career! Required experience: Full Stack Development: 3 years 	Java Software Engineer: Automate and architect a cloud-based data system	Clutch Talent	New York	NY	New York, NY	Indeed	Fri, 30 Oct 2015 15:52:48 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=f53e6f2ff47077df&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2yYg23fB90Nz-oBxQIYnjPJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke554a18i35h7
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Overview of Job Function: Contribute to the design, development, and the implementation of a server-side software system that interfaces with Telephony equipment. Works with members of the research and development organization and is responsible for leading specific aspects and activities of software development for the Verint System software suite. Possesses solid working knowledge of commonly used concepts, practices, and procedures within software development and can provide subject matter expertise and guidance to team members. Typically reports to a manager or senior manager. Principal Duties and Essential Responsibilities: Responsible for required software design, implementation, unit/integration testing within assigned projects; Contribute to or lead design reviews for their specific project; Contribute to system test case review; Contribute to functional testing; Produce and use metrics to continuously improve the process of building software and the associated artifacts; Engages in limited research activities on new technologies and to improve the product line; Help ensure the quality and completeness of team deliverables; Help analyze and provide fixes to product issues reported by customers in fields; Operates under minimal supervision and is capable of independent action; Serve as subject matter expert in specialized areas of technology and product functions; Minimum Requirements: BS/BA in Computer Science or related fields; 5+ years of professional software development experience in the following areas: Windows web applications (Windows 2008, 7, 8) C#, .Net, IIS, Web Services, SQL Server 3+ years of experience in developing Windows Web based applications using ASP.NET, JavaScript; Strong organizational, time management, project leadership skills. Good written and verbal communication skills; Ability to work in a collaborative team environment. Ability to prioritize personal tasks and communicate tasks across team boundaries; Ability to conduct unit and integration testing. Ability to perform root cause analysis on encountered problems and bring problems to closure; Ability to troubleshoot and debug product issues reported from the field; Solid understanding with Agile and/or other software development methodologies, along with demonstrated experience in all phases of the software development lifecycle; Experience in fault-tolerant, or highly-available, distributed systems; Experience in Object Oriented analysis and design; General understanding and proven real-world design experience with operating system fundamentals (multi-processing, multi-threading, inter-process communication, disk I/O, network I/O, memory allocation, etc.). Proven ability to develop multithreaded server side code; Preferred Requirements: Experience in GUI development with WPF; Experience in report engines such as Crystal Reports or SSRS; Experience and knowledge in multimedia rendering technology; As an equal opportunity employer, Verint Systems Inc. prides itself in providing employees with a work environment in which all individuals are treated with respect and dignity. This means we are committed to providing equal opportunity to all qualified employees and applicants for employment without regard to one’s race, color, religion, national origin, age, gender, disability, alienage or citizenship status, marital status, creed, genetic predisposition or carrier status, sexual orientation, Veteran status or any other classification protected by applicable federal, state or local laws. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment including but not limited to hiring, placement, promotion, compensation, training, leave of absence or termination.	Sr. Software Engineer	Verint Systems Inc.	Lyndhurst	NJ	Lyndhurst, NJ	Verint Systems Inc.	Fri, 09 Oct 2015 18:54:50 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=a157db537f2ae25c&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2yYg23fB90Nz-oBxQIYnjPJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke554a18i35h7
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Software Guidance &amp; Assistance, Inc., (SGA), is searching for an SR.SOFTWARE ENGINEER LEAD, MEAN STACK for a FULL TIME role with one of our premier Financial clients in New York City, NY. Responsibilities: Technical Leadership: Be able to deliver quality software solutions Ability to provide a logical framework to support conclusions and ideas. Curious and wants to learn Great attitude, team player and team leader Flexible and adaptable to changing priorities and technologies Ability to learn new code on new technologies Take ideas and concepts, and be able to communicated effectively and clearly to internal staff, partners and customers Innovative thinking, problem-solving Required Skills: Node.js Front-End Web Development, HTML, CSS3, web &amp; Mobile apps Java Agile Leadership experience SDLC Preferred Skills: APIs Cloud Big Data Database concepts Right to Hire/Full Time SGA is a Certified Women's Business Enterprise (WBE) celebrating over thirty years of service to our national client base for both permanent placement and consulting opportunities. For consulting positions, we offer a variety of benefit options including but not limited to health &amp; dental insurance, paid vacation, and timely payment via direct deposit. US Citizens and all other parties authorized to work in the US are encouraged to apply. We are unable to sponsor. Please inquire about our referral program if you would like to submit a candidate for any of our open or future job opportunities. SGA is an EEO employer. We encourage Veterans to apply. To view all of our available job postings and/or to learn more about SGA please visit us online at www.sgainc.com.	SR.SOFTWARE ENGINEER LEAD, MEAN STACK	SGA	New York	NY	New York, NY	SGA	Wed, 04 Nov 2015 04:30:52 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=f88bdfccdc6cf0f8&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2yYg23fB90Nz-oBxQIYnjPJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke554a18i35h7
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	About Transfix: Transfix is a VC-backed on-demand truckload shipping marketplace. We are disrupting traditional freight brokers by bringing transparency, automation and efficiency to an industry that has traditionally lacked all three. This is a huge industry--$600 Billion in the US alone--that is still dominated by old-school businesses that we have set out to transform with technology. Transfix has been funded by leading VC’s and angel investors, is about to pass $1 million in monthly revenue and is aggressively hiring top talent to help us succeed during our next phase of growth. Come join our team and help us solve some interesting and difficult real-world problems! Responsibilities: Redesign UI's, Implement new UI's, and pick up Rails as necessary Work closely with designers and back-end engineers to implement versatile solutions to tricky web development problems Embrace emerging standards while promoting best practices in order to push the limits of what a browser can do Requirements: 3+ years of JavaScript experience, including concepts like asynchronous programming, closures, types, and ES6 3+ years of HTML/CSS experience, including concepts like layout, specificity, cross browser compatibility, and accessibility 3+ years experience with browser APIs and optimizing front-end performance [Bonus] Experience with Backbone Company benefits: Joining the Transfix team means joining a high-growth startup at a very early stage All employees awarded generous stock options Competitive base salaries Medical, dental and life insurance Paid vacation and holidays Free catered lunch every day, plus snacks, soda, beer and all the water you can drink. 	Senior Front End Software Engineer	Transfix	New York	NY	New York, NY	Transfix	Tue, 20 Oct 2015 21:20:25 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=65183ada08e7f0e7&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2yYg23fB90Nz-oBxQIYnjPJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke554a18i35h7
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	The Software Engineer, LAMP will play a fundamental role in supporting Zeta Interactive’s rapid growth and market expansion world-class code, client-facing web properties in the digital media space. You’ll be working closely with our product team to extend our platform, build new features, and solve problems / opportunities. You'll be tackling problems big and small from HTML formatting to application design to database optimization. The ideal candidate will have exceptional verbal and written communication skills, will be self­-motivated, detail­-oriented and highly organized. You will possess a passion for well­-structured, well­-commented code and be a creative thinker. Your ability to multitask and prioritize work in our fast paced environment will be key to your success. Responsibilities: Extension, modification, and maintenance of our web application infrastructure Port existing data center­based infrastructure to AWS Build new / enhance existing tools and integrations critical to the enterprise Technical Qualifications Required: ** 3+ experience devoping with PHP5 within the full LAMP stack 3+ years experience with relational databases and SQL query construction Fundamental knowledge of OO standard design patterns Excellent communication skills (both written and verbal) Minimum 2 years of front­end coding experience with HTML, JavaScript (jQuery), and CSS Demonstrated ability to produce high­-quality documentation Solid experience with RegularExpressions Working familiarity with browser-­specific issues and incompatibilities Bonus Points: Experience with 3rd Party Platform API integrations (e.g: Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, etc.) Familiarity with AngularJS Perl, Python, and/or Java development experience Bachelors in Computer Science or related technology degree About Zeta Interactive: Zeta Interactive is a company with a heritage of innovation and a future of leadership. Founded in 2007 by David A. Steinberg and John Sculley, former CEO of Apple Inc and Pepsi-Cola, the Company has built an unparalleled Big Data marketing platform – with 350 million + consumer records at the core – through a series of strategic acquisitions and organic business moves. The company’s set of proprietary assets and capabilities powers ‘end to end’ marketing programs for some of the world’s leading brands. With expertise encompassing all digital marketing channels – Email, Display, Social, Search and Mobile – Zeta orchestrates acquisition and engagement programs that deliver results that are scalable, repeatable and sustainable. Headquartered in New York City, Zeta employs more than 500 professionals across the Globe. The Company operates 'Centers of Excellence' in NYC, Silicon Valley, London, Bristol, Middlesbrough UK and Hyderabad, India and has satellite offices in Boulder, Tampa, Washington DC, Madrid, Amsterdam. Grisaille AdTech Solutions Private Limited is also a wholly owned Operating Subsidiary in Chennai, India. Job Type: Full-time Local candidates only: New York, NY Required experience: Software Engineering: 3 years Required education: Bachelor's 	Software Engineer, LAMP	Zeta Interactive	New York	NY	New York, NY	Indeed	Fri, 09 Oct 2015 14:30:36 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=02da635afb8b3987&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2yYg23fB90Nz-oBxQIYnjPJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke554a18i35h7
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	We are the leading source of intelligent information for the world's businesses and professionals, providing customers with competitive advantage. Intelligent information is a unique synthesis of human intelligence, industry expertise and innovative technology that provides decision-makers with the knowledge to act, enabling them to make better decisions faster. We deliver this must-have insight to the financial and risk, legal, tax and accounting, intellectual property and science and media markets, powered by the world's most trusted news organization. What will I do? Planning • Develop and implement efficient and effective testing plans, test conditions and test scripts for projects, all to published company standards • Ensure appropriate testing coverage and requirements traceability through the creation, implementation and enhancement of comprehensive test plans, test cases, test steps and test automation • Define clear expectations for all testing tasks, including inputs, outputs and error conditions • Educate and mentor product managers, developers, peers and future QA team members on the QA process and company standards • Evaluate the need for test automation and performance testing for projects Testing • Drive the testing process from scope to production validation • Perform regression testing for all planned test execution activities • Execute the testing for your project team; may include functional, integration, regression and performance as well as assisting with or coordinating user acceptance • Help team to identify and log defects, capturing steps to reproduce (actual vs. expected) and relevant details of the issue • Proactively identify project risk and work with the team and management to mitigate Reporting and Metrics • Manage defect reporting for metrics and proactively identify areas of improvement • Track the results of testing and report on key metrics • Provide a summary report at the end of each project or release Qualifications  5+ years of experience in IT industry as a Software Tester and QA Analyst.  Expertise in Manual and Automated Quality Assurance testing of Web and Client Server applications.  Experienced in analyzing Business specification documents, developing test plans, defining test cases, writing and automating test scripts.  Experienced in analyzing Functional Requirement Specifications (FRS) and System Design Specifications (SDS).  Experience in using automated testing tools like Quick Test Professional (QTP) on applications developed in Java, JSP, J2EE, ASP, VB, .Net  Expertise in defect tracking and bug reporting tools Quality Center &amp; Jira.  Experience in Agility methodology  Experience in testing on different type of devices  Extensive experience in Functional, Integration, Regression, UAT and Black Box Testing.  Experience in designing and implementing Load and Stress automated tests on web based applications and client server applications written in ASP, .Net, Java, JSP, VB.  Strong knowledge of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) &amp; Software Testing Life Cycle (STLC).  Strong Database knowledge for backend testing using Soap UI, SQL Server or MS Access.  Strong planning, analytical and problem solving skills.  Proficient in Scheduling and Managing resources and activities in QA Teams.  Excellent Written/Verbal communication skills. Experience in working in a team and independently to resolve technical issues of a project.  Pragmatic and competent QA with strong communication, presentation and problem solving skills as well as very good Interpersonal, Management and Business Skills coupled with many years of technical expertise. At Thomson Reuters, we believe what we do matters. We are passionate about our work, inspired by the impact it has on our business and our customers. As a team, we believe in winning as one - collaborating to reach shared goals, and developing through challenging and meaningful experiences. With over 60,000 employees in more than 100 countries, we work flexibly across boundaries and realize innovations that help shape industries around the world. Making this happen is a dynamic, evolving process, and we count on each employee to be a catalyst in driving our performance - and their own. As a global business, we rely on diversity of culture and thought to deliver on our goals. To ensure we can do that, we seek talented, qualified employees in all our operations around the world regardless of race, color, sex/gender, including pregnancy, gender identity and expression, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, disability, age, marital status, citizen status, veteran status, or any other protected classification under country or local law. Thomson Reuters is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer providing a drug-free workplace. Intrigued by a challenge as large and fascinating as the world itself? Come join us. To learn more about what we offer, please visit careers.thomsonreuters.com. More information about Thomson Reuters can be found on thomsonreuters.com. Job: Technology Development Family Group Primary Location: United States of America-New York-New York-USA-New York-3 Times Square Organization: F&amp;R Financial NAWM Schedule: Full-time Education Level: None Job Type: Standard Shift: Day Job	Senior software QA Engineer	Thomson Reuters	New York	NY	New York, NY	Thomson Reuters	Wed, 04 Nov 2015 10:59:37 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=517f0489e6da6adc&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2yYg23fB90Nz-oBxQIYnjPJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke554a18i35h7
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Software Engineer in Test About the Position: The Salesforce Marketing Cloud engineering team is looking for a Software Engineer with a strong affinity towards testing software. While working on a scrum team, you will focus on utilizing and building automated tools to enhance the quality of the product. You will be expected to work closely with development, quality engineers and product management to help define requirements, triage issues and investigate critical areas of the application. You should like to break things, be exhilarated when you discover that really complicated bug, and be detail-oriented enough that you've actually had people comment on it. Responsibilities: •Work within a scrum team to define acceptance criteria and testing strategies •Write automated test scripts to ensure coverage of GUI and API functionality •Work with the leader of test automation to enhance testing frameworks, and drive the testing initiative across the organization •Coach scrum team members on best test automation practices and approaches, and evangelise the benefits and vision around the organization's change towards increasing automation •Coordinate with team members to analyze test results and debug problems •Communicate effectively with Program Managers, and Development regarding project status and testing progress •Perform both manual and automated tests •Support product deployments Minimum Requirements: •3+ Years in a Software Engineering or Test Automation role working with web applications •Passionate about leveraging test automation to dramatically increase speed and quality of software delivery processes •Proficiency in at least one modern programming language - e.g. Java, Ruby, C#, PHP •Good understanding of Service Oriented Architecture, and working with RESTful APIs •Comprehension of how HTML, CSS, Javascript and Ajax are used throughout web applications •Great attention to detail and ability to identify, isolate and communicate defects •Working knowledge of databases and SQL •Understanding of Agile/Scrum methodology •Familiarity with ATDD/BDD •Comfortable using GIT within a team environment •Ability to motivate people, instill accountability and achieve results •Excellent written and verbal communication skills required •Experience in large-scale software deployments •BA/BS preferred or equivalent work experience with demonstrated proficiency Salesforce, the Customer Success Platform and world's #1 CRM, empowers companies to connect with their customers in a whole new way. We are the fastest growing of the top 10 enterprise software companies, the World's Most Innovative Company according to Forbes, and one of Fortune's 100 Best Companies to Work For six years running. The growth, innovation, and Aloha spirit of Salesforce are driven by our incredible employees who thrive on delivering success for our customers while also finding time to give back through our 1/1/1 model, which leverages 1% of our time, equity, and product to improve communities around the world. Salesforce is a team sport, and we play to win. Join us! Salesforce will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.	Software Engineer in Test	Model Metrics	New York	NY	New York, NY	Model Metrics	Tue, 13 Oct 2015 23:13:07 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=503325da2817d5d9&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2yYg23fB90Nz-oBxQIYnjPJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke554a18i35h7
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	As a member of the Capital IQ Technology team, you will work with a group of intelligent and ambitious engineers recruited from top universities and industries. Our Software Engineers are involved in the full product life cycle, from design through release. You will be expected to participate in the design review process, write high-quality code, and work with a dedicated team of QA Analysts, Business Analysts, and Database Developers. You will be responsible for creating technical designs, coding high-performing client and server application software, and ensuring quality through a robust testing process. Software Engineers at Capital IQ work with the latest technologies and are rewarded for innovation and delivery. We are currently seeking a Software Engineer for our New York City office, who enjoy working with new and emerging technologies and also want to have a direct impact on the global finance industry. Responsibilities: Design and develop solutions to support key business needs. Engineer components, and common services based on standard corporate development models, languages and tools. Produce system design documents and lead technical walkthroughs. Collaborate effectively with technical and non-technical stakeholders. Mentor team-members to continuously improve the architecture. Embrace change and ramp-up the team accordingly. Must be able to document and demonstrate solutions by developing documentation, diagrams, code comments, and clear code. Qualifications: Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, Engineering, or similar. 2+ years of significant experience in application development using Microsoft Technologies and SQL. Proficient with software development lifecycle (SDLC) methodologies. Knowledge of system architecture, object-oriented design, and .NET framework and patterns. MVC (moving away from) ultimately Web API. Experience in web software development, including common architecture and design practices. Experience in web service development in the context of a Service-Oriented Architecture (SOA). Database SQL Server Will need one or the other or both Client Side Developer Framework Pieces/Performance Instability/Process-Library Related Functionality-Clientside(writing widget framework HTML5, EmberJS) OR Server Side Developer Much more willing to have consultant in NJ) On Microsoft Server Side(Service Orientated Architecture)-SOA Best Practice ASP.NET webForms back End SQL Server - WEP Must be able to interface with developers and the team. Prefers Face to Face or Video Conference	Software Engineer	TSR Consulting	New York	NY	New York, NY	TSR Consulting	Thu, 29 Oct 2015 04:23:32 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=30c4fe2d105518fd&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2yYg23fB90Nz-oBxQIYnjPJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke554a18i35h7
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	GroupM Data and Analytics has an opening in New York for a Software Engineer to join the team that is implementing a high-performance, highly-scalable Data Management and Analytics platform. You will have the opportunity to apply and hone your skills on cloud computing and use the latest software development technologies and techniques to build the system that will process petabytes of data and used by the hundreds of GroupM Clients. You should enjoy working in dynamic, fast-paced environment and be comfortable processing and analyzing large amounts of data. Independence and focus on quality and take responsibility for tasks from start until completion is a must. GroupM is part of WPP Company, which is the world leader in communication services focusing on advertising, media investment management, consumer insight, public relations and branding among others. GroupM is WPP’s consolidated media investment management operation. As such, it is the global number one media investment management group (RECMA 2010) with worldwide billing of $90.8N (RECMA July 2012) representing 32.7% global market share. Our clients are leaders in their respective industries and represent more than 330 of the Fortune 500, more than half of the NASDAQ 100 and more than 30 of the Fortune e-50. The data and analytics organization in GroupM is responsible for managing and analyzing massive amounts of data as well as supporting the whole organization in delivering value from data. We focus on designing, developing and operating our global technology stack with four key layers of Data Marketplace, Data Management, Analytics Workbench and Application Marketplace. These products are hosted on a variety of infrastructure options including but not limited to local servers, public and private clouds and enable a suit of advanced analytics-based products, specific Data collection modules and customized Data transformation packages. Role Responsibilities: • Design and implementation of components throughout the system. Including the common ETL infrastructure, specific back-end jobs on top of the infrastructure, extraction. • Complete design and break up the work required to achieve specific business goal • Mentors and train junior team members. • Apply your development skills to complete tasks. Work will include design, documentation, coding, generation of automated unit tests, integration testing and other work that may be necessary to help the team achieve each sprint goal. • Diagnose and resolve defects in code. • Willingness to ‘pitch in’ where necessary to help the team achieve its goal. This may require collaboration with others on design, development, testing, documentation and/or production support tasks. • Enforce team and department software development practices and guidelines. • Provide strong input to the Software Architect for design of the system • Be in constant communication with other members of the team. Attend planning, design and retrospective meeting. Plan, track and report progress to the other team members and the team lead. • Be ready to drive development in the absence of the lead. Essential skills A subset of the following • Object oriented development language a must have • Strong scripting ability such as Python or Perl Hadoop experience: o Experience working with Apache Hadoop including Knowledge on how to create and debug Hadoop jobs o Ability to write and run MapReduce code o Experience in writing Pig Latin scripts o Hands on experience in HiveQL o Familiarity with Presto/Spark o Knowledge of the data management eco-system including Concepts of data warehousing, ETL, data integration, etc. Desirable skills • .net experience. • Knowledge of design patterns • AWS experience a plus. • Understanding of Shared Nothing architecture and databases. • Relational databases design • Experience with test-driven development using a unit testing framework such as NUnit. Job Requirements • 3-5 years or more in similar position • Strong communication skills in written or spoken English. • Thrive in a dynamic, collaborative environment. • Work with onshore and offshore team members. • Team Player. Ability to communicate throughout the team • Good problem solver. Ability to think outside the box • Continuous learner. One who keeps up to date with techniques and skills.. • Committed to Quality. Attentive to details. • Never give up attitude. Work on an issue until it is completed • Hard worker, thinker and an innovator • Willingness to adapt - willing to change direction and skill set to meet the needs of market place • Can balance hard work with the need to create a fun and challenging environment • Readiness to work on production support. Education: College Degree or equivalent working experience WE ARE AN EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER It is the policy of GroupM and its affiliates to provide equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, national origin, age, disability, marital status, or status as a covered veteran in accordance with applicable federal, state and local laws.	Software Engineer	GroupM	New York	NY	New York, NY	GroupM	Sun, 11 Oct 2015 09:31:51 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=9a0fd331e5f35838&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2yYg23fB90Nz-oBxQIYnjPJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke554a18i35h7
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Position Number: 213842 Location: Warren, NJ Desired Skill Set: CSS, HTML5, iOS, JavaScript Position Description: Position Title: Senior Software Systems Engineer (IT) Location: Warren, NJ 07059 DURATION: 06 months Primary Skill Requirement: iOS (Objective C/Swift) development Job Description: Design and code from specifications, analyzes, evaluates, tests, debugs, documents, and implements complex software apps. - Uses coding methods in specific programming languages to initiate or enhance program execution and functionality. - Participate in the evaluation, recommendation, and selection of hardware and software solutions. - Develop, maintain, and report intranet metrics. - Interface with different departments within the organization regarding new deployments. - Monitor program execution for expected performance. Requires a bachelor''s degree in area of specialty and at least 8-10 years of experience in the field or in a related area. • 5 + years application development on iOS (Objective C/Swift). • Experience working on large scale production apps. • knowledge of major frameworks (Cocoa Touch, Core Services, and Core OS). • Experience using RESTful APIs to integrate mobile applications to server side systems. • Other mobile development experience is a plus (Android, HTML5/CSS/JavaScript). #CBRose# Rose International is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, arrest and conviction records, or any other characteristic protected by law. Positions located in San Francisco, California will be administered in accordance with the Fair Chance Ordinance. 	Software Engineer	Rose International	Township of Warren	NJ	Township of Warren, NJ	Rose International	Tue, 03 Nov 2015 22:00:00 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=54160ad89defdaad&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2yYg23fB90Nz-oBxQIYnjPJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke554a18i35h7
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	LOCATION Multiple: Newark, Jersey City, NJ; Atlanta, GA; or Phoenix, AZ Lead the design, development and maintenance of Android-based core fog network/computing platform to create the foundation for innovative products and services. The developer will lead the entire platform lifecycle right from concept stage until delivery and post launch support. The successful candidate will also drive the mobile product platform strategy globally, and shall create libraries and frameworks to support third party innovations that would leverage the platform. MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering, or a related field from an accredited university or 4-year college is required. Master’s degree in one of these fields is a plus. 3 years to 6 years of industry experience working as software engineer developing mobile applications on either Android or iOS platform or both, with at least 2 years to 3 years in Android application development. Experience with all phases of the Software Development Lifecycle (SDLC), including systems analysis, design, coding, testing, debugging and documentation Skillful in Java SDK and Android Framework on Linux / UNIX / Windows platform Proficient in using Android Studio or Eclipse IDE Strong TCP / IP programming skill required Strong knowledge of HTTP and HTTPS required Experience in network programming DESIRED SKILLS Experience with commercial launch of mobile apps Experience in Wi-Fi Direct and / or Bluetooth Low Energy (BLE) technology, and SIM card programming Experience in building middleware, tools, or platforms that have been used in practice Experience in iOS application development Experience in REST API and cloud computing Experience in AOSP (Android Open Source Project) Smartiply is looking for high energy software engineers who drive results with passion, with extensive experience in mobile ecosystem development. This individual will work in a fast paced and virtual environment and will play a major role in developing a cutting edge enabling platform. The successful candidate must be a team player, self-motivated, well-organized, and result oriented, with strong analytical, problem solving, and communication (verbal and written) skills, and must be able to work independently. He/she must have strong knowledge of all phases of SDLC and must exercise good software development practice, including periodic code review, good documentation, and version control. He/she will be expected to apply agile development methodology and provide daily updates and weekly/bi-weekly product demos. He/she must be capable of multitasking and performing multiple duties as needed. The successful candidate shall be offered a competitive salary, with the possibility of stock options, commensurate with experience, along with healthcare and retirement benefits and paid vacation. Smartiply is committed to equal employment opportunity, work-life balance, and career development. Job Type: Full-time Required experience: Android application development: 3 years Required education: Bachelor's 	Android Software Engineer - Core Platform Development	Smartiply, Inc	New York	NY	New York, NY	Indeed	Thu, 15 Oct 2015 19:38:57 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=ec0f7008f4826b93&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2yYg23fB90Nz-oBxQIYnjPJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke554a18i35h7
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Our client is currently seeking a PHP software engineer to join their NYC team in building the premier billing and infrastructure automation software for cloud and hosting. The ideal candidate should be a highly motivated self-starter, excited by the opportunity to solve interesting and diverse problems and to share your experience and ideas with their engineering team. This company are a 16-person "startup" within a public company, so there is much less risk versus a typical startup. They have hundreds of happy customers and millions in dollars of growing, recurring revenue. Responsibilities Work closely within a small, agile team to design, implement, and test the company’s features Operate within the coding requirements and guidelines of an agile team Participate in refining and maintaining documentation Keep up to date on product and industry knowledge Required Skills · 3+ years of programming experience with PHP, particularly object-oriented · Proficiency in a LAMP (Linux Apache MySQL PHP) based architecture · Proficiency in AJAX, HTML, CSS, JavaScript · Proficiency in SQL · Experience with MVC frameworks such as CakePHP, Zend, CodeIgniter · Experience with API (REST, SOAP) design, development, and integration · Strong knowledge of object-oriented analysis, design, and programming · Excellent understanding of database modeling · Experience with source code management systems (specifically Subversion) · Creative problem-solving skills and an ability to apply business logic to development requirements · Basic Linux admin experience	Software Engineer - PHP	Workbridge Associates	New York	NY	New York, NY	Workbridge Associates	Thu, 05 Nov 2015 00:30:25 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=5a093e4ff31070a6&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2yYg23fB90Nz-oBxQIYnjPJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke554a18i35h7
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Job Description HookLogic Engineers develop proprietary software platforms used by the world’s largest e-commerce retailers. Our engineering team consists of talented, team-oriented individuals who are empowered to take advantage of the latest cloud and distributed technologies to deliver reliable, high-throughput applications. Our core languages are Java and C# and we commonly utilize technologies and platforms such as RESTful services, jQuery, SQL Server, Hadoop, Hive, HBase, Storm, Spark, and AWS Services such as Kinesis, DynamoDB, Redshift, Lamda, and SQS. As a Data Engineer, you’ll employ your skills on a daily basis to design and build data processing and storage applications to handle millions of transactions per day. You will analyze business requirements and consult with the broader team to ensure successful processing, storage and reporting of our Big Data. You’ll have a wide variety of languages and technologies at your disposal that you can use to solve problems. Your work will directly shape and create our data architecture to ultimately deliver systems that stand up to unpredictable environments at massive scale. Qualifications Depending on experience, successful applicants will show a growing track record of success or the groundwork to be an impactful member of the team. We’re looking for candidates that exhibit many of the following skills/attributes: • Strong Educational Background • Hands-on Engineering experience o Problem solving and debugging skills o Writing and deploying code the Linux, Windows, or cloud environments o Familiarity with algorithms and performance analysis o Willingness to contribute to the operational responsibility of the team’s applications • Some experience with one or more of the following: o Relational Databases &amp; SQL o NoSQL databases (Redis, DynamoDB, MongoDB) o Big Data tools such as Hadoop, Hive, EMR, Storm, Spark, DynamoDB, HBase o Distributed Platforms such as Storm, Spark, or Hadoop o Amazon Web Services (AWS) or other cloud platforms Additional Information Hooklogic, Inc. provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, sexual orientation, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability or genetics. In addition to federal law requirements, Hooklogic, Inc. complies with applicable state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation and training. 	Software Engineer, Data	HookLogic, Inc.	New York	NY	New York, NY	HookLogic, Inc.	Tue, 20 Oct 2015 14:16:00 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=850ccabd159583c9&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2yYg23fB90Nz-oBxQIYnjPJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke554a18i35h7
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Principle Software Engineer New York, Long Island (Lake success) Fulltime /contract to hire/Contract Job Description: Minimum of 5 to 8 years of experience on Open Source Platform in architecting /designing /developing Web based applications. Must have strong experience on Open Source Technologies, including Python 2.7(+) and Django 1.4 (+) Must have experience on writing Ajax driven applications with HTML, JavaScript, JSON Must have experience on multi-layered application architecture Must have experience on applications with design patterns and SOLID principles Strong understanding of OOPS and Design Patterns. Nice to have: HTML 5, any Enterprise Service Bus based architecture Linux, Ubuntu, CentOS Jira, SVN, Aptana Studio, Confluence, Wiki Nice to have experience in BFSI domain – Automobile Dealership Management Systems. Responsibilities: Should be able to develop enterprise class software products in a web based SaaS model Be able to stay abreast of development methodologies and technical components in use and under development on the open source platform platform Work with development leads and managers to implement technology strategy and implementation Job Type: Contract Salary: $70.00 /hour Required experience: python,Django: 5 years 	Principle Software Engineer	arrowminds	New York	NY	New York, NY	Indeed	Wed, 07 Oct 2015 19:07:22 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=6534d69c24e84a19&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2yYg23fB90Nz-oBxQIYnjPJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke554a18i35h7
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Company Overview: Visible World is the leading provider of targeted TV advertising solutions. Our technology makes television advertising inventory more valuable for inventory holders, advertisers, and viewers. Visible World's HighYield tech stack is an end-to-end programmatic TV ad sell-side platform. Whether through programmatic sales infrastructure, household addressability, automated versioning, or Smart TV insights, Visible World offers the most complete automated solution for targeting, selling, and managing impression-based television ad campaigns.Since 2000, we have been developing technology that makes TV advertising more efficient and effectivewe've been awarded 24 U.S. patents to date for technology we developed ourselves, and more are on the way. But we're not just doing R&amp;D. Today, Visible World empowers more than 300 advertisers to deliver more targeted, effective and accountable local TV ad campaigns to consumers in approximately 80% of U.S. cable homes in 210 DMAs and our household addressable footprint includes 3 million homes. Smart TV DNATM is used by over a dozen leading networks to track their program promotion campaigns. And our AudienceXpress group, is using the HighYield platform to lead the programmatic TV ad buying industry. Visible World employees operate at the cutting edge of TV technology. In June 2015, Visible World became a subsidiary of Comcast, joining one of the most innovative media and technology companies in the country. Come help us craft the future of TV. Job DescriptionVisible World, a ground-breaking video advertising technology company, is looking for a talented, experienced, and versatile Software Engineer to work in our Manhattan office. We are looking for a self-starter accustomed to working in a dynamic atmosphere, creating reliable and cutting-edge technology. We offer a highly competitive salary and full benefits. As a member of our Delivery Engineering team, you will be working on custom development and deep integration of our systems and technologies on customer premises. Interacting with our customer's technical peers, you thrive using a broad variety of technologies to deliver and deploy top quality production-grade systems in fast paced environments.Responsibilities Design and implement custom software solutions that seamlessly integrate with and extend our services into our customer's environments. Help discover technical requirements of new products. Develop test and integration approaches and environments. Work with our customers to test new developments and prepare them for deployment. Work with our Operations team to develop up operational documentation and product documentation, and assist when troubleshooting production problems. Qualifications BS or equivalent in Computer Science or related discipline. 2-4 years work experience. Solid grasp of a variety of computer languages, including C / C++. Knowledge of Node.JS a plus. Experience with software development for Linux systems. Strong analytical and problem solving skills. Independent non-linear thinker who can route around obstacles and can come up with creative solutions. Dependable team player with strong communication skills. Comcast is committed to diversity. We are an Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer EOE/Veterans/Disabled/LGBT. Comcast endeavors to make our career site accessible to any and all users. If you would like to contact us regarding the accessibility of our careers website, please contact comcast_careers@comcast.com. Any inquiries regarding employment application status; resume submittal, open positions and any other general inquiries will not receive a response so please visit our FAQ page for more information. Comcast participates in the E-VERIFY PROGRAM in our hiring practices to achieve a lawful workforce. Comcast is a drug-free workplace.	Software Engineer - Delivery Team	Comcast	New York	NY	New York, NY	Comcast	Tue, 13 Oct 2015 19:50:20 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=cef74c3de8470794&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2xPPX4EpjZjE8hD0hR1yu2JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke59au1a390bh
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	- 150072492 Job Description JPMorgan Chase &amp; Co . (NYSE: JPM) is a leading global financial services firm with assets of $2.6 trillion and operations worldwide. The firm is a leader in investment banking, financial services for consumers and small business, commercial banking, financial transaction processing, and asset management. A component of the Dow Jones Industrial Average, JPMorgan Chase &amp; Co. serves millions of consumers in the United States and many of the world's most prominent corporate, institutional and government clients under its J.P. Morgan and Chase brands. Information about JPMorgan Chase &amp; Co. is available at www.jpmorganchase.com . About J.P. Morgan Corporate &amp; Investment Bank J.P. Morgan's Corporate &amp; Investment Bank is a global leader across banking, markets and investor services. The world's most important corporations, governments and institutions entrust us with their business in more than 100 countries. With $18 trillion of assets under custody and $393 billion in deposits, the Corporate &amp; Investment Bank provides strategic advice, raises capital, manages risk and extends liquidity in markets around the world. ROLE: Electronic Market Making Software Engineer - Global Core Design, develop, and maintain electronic trading systems Use low-level programming techniques to produce highly optimized, low-latency trading software Implement new exchange interfaces to support market data and order management on new trading venues Enhance the globally used research platform and help to develop and test strategies Improve tick to order performance Promote global reuse of platform improvements Qualifications The Skills: Advanced C++ experience required Strong Linux/Unix, Libc, GCC, GDB Familiarity with performance tools is a plus (perf, oprofile, papi). Strong scripting skills, python, bash scripting Brilliant analytical and problem solving skills Ability to work collaboratively on long-term technical problems The Profile: Minimum: bachelor's degree in CS, Engineering, Maths, Stats, Physics, or related field Minimum: 3 years of professional C++ programming experience Familiarity with open source software, including Linux kernel/module development is a plus Possess a great attention to detail Analyze and fix problems quickly Capable of working independently as well as part of a team Learn quickly and apply new skills effectively The Skills: Advanced C++ experience required Strong Linux/Unix, Libc, GCC, GDB Familiarity with performance tools is a plus (perf, oprofile, papi). Strong scripting skills, python, bash scripting Brilliant analytical and problem solving skills Ability to work collaboratively on long-term technical problem JPMorgan Chase is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer Disability/Veteran. Job Applications Development Primary Location US-NY-New York-383 Madison Avenue (BSC) / 41039 Organization CORPORATE &amp; INVESTMENT BANK Schedule Full-time Job Type Standard Shift Day Job Corporate Brand JPMorgan Chase &amp; Co.	Electronic Market Making Software Engineer	JPMorgan Chase	New York	NY	New York, NY	JPMorgan Chase	Wed, 14 Oct 2015 08:22:13 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=d8559b8510fd7124&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2xPPX4EpjZjE8hD0hR1yu2JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke59au1a390bh
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Principal Software Engineer Our client is seeking a strong, well seasoned fullstack engineer to lead development efforts. The perfect candidate is passionate about all advancements in web technology and standards. You will eat new JS frameworks for breakfast. You will hate some of them, love others-and have an opinion on all of them. You will be responsible for managing the technology stack (currently React, Node.js, Ansible, Chef) and introducing new tech when appropriate. You will work closely with the mobile engineering and backend services teams to ensure a cohesive end product. You will convert to a fully responsive design, own and simplify advertising integrations, and deliver a simple, scalable user behavior tracking system for both internal and external interests. You will ensure high quality output-your team will model their code after yours. Your unit tests, use of continuous integration, automated software deployments, and knowledge of system monitoring are impeccable. New Relic? DataDog? Should be common knowledge to you. Perhaps you have an interest in Scala and want to write a backend service yourself? If that perks your interest, read on. Responsibilities: * Develop, architect and deploy major new features * Architect a unified web platform to support 1000+ local radio station websites * Lead a small team of web engineers, providing technical guidance and mentorship * Ensure releases are fully automated via Ansible and Chef * Ensure rapid deployment of high quality software via continuous integration * Instrument the technology stack for proper system and application monitoring Requirements: * 3+ years of hands-on experience with full stack web development (front-end/backend development &amp; preferrably basic DevOps). * Serious vanilla JavaScript skills (ES5+, we have polyfills for ES3 so no worries). * Experience with Node.JS is a big plus (heap profiling Node, identifying performance bottlenecks, native Node C++ addons…). * A good visual eye and solid CSS/SASS experience. * Ability to independently set tasks and complete work with limited direction. * Excellent written and verbal communications. * Ability to manage competing priorities in a complex environment and maintain high productivity. * Ability to devise creative technical solutions. * Bachelors degree or equivalent.	Principal Software Engineer	Harvey Nash USA	Manhattan	NY	Manhattan, NY	Harvey Nash USA	Wed, 04 Nov 2015 03:34:22 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=9e4895972cc97478&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2xPPX4EpjZjE8hD0hR1yu2JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke59au1a390bh
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	SDET-I - comiXology - New York, NY ComiXology, an Amazon.com, Inc. subsidiary, is seeking an SDET to join our New York team of motivated technologists and who is excited to share and learn best practices in a collaborative and fun environment. Why you want to work here: We build services to bring digital comics to the masses and seek to provide challenging and innovative work that supports our staff’s career development while also delighting our loyal fan base. SDETs write code to test code using automation frameworks, as well as create and continuously improve our test automation environment. They are able to understand software internals, debug code, automate repetitive tasks, and implement new tools and frameworks needed to streamline our QA process. Our SDETs work directly with both Software Development Engineers and Product Managers to understand project features, review technical implementations, and implement testing strategy. They also work with User Experience Design specialists, and Customer Support personnel as required to understand use cases and suggest CX improvements. If you are passionate about preventing bugs, quality software, and want to pursue a career with a leader in its industry, then we’d like to talk with you. This role will work hand in hand with each group: software development, UI developers, product management, support staff, and business development. Join us in our mission to take comics further and ensure successful and timely delivery of our industry leading comics mobile and web apps. What You’ll Do: • Partner with our staff of passionate technologists to navigate teams through all phases of project lifecycle – help us exceed our goals and deliver with confidence • Promote QA productivity through automation, tools, and other best practices. • Promote developer productivity through championing effective testing, code quality, and insisting on high standards • Offer innovative approaches to testing web and mobile apps flexing your expertise in tools, methodologies, test design and execution – you can think outside the whitebox, blackbox, and even the longbox • Participate in design and specification reviews, and use this information to design test plans. • Turn requirements into test plans, turn user stories into acceptance criteria, and turn test plans into repeatable automated tests. • Develop and execute automated test suites across a variety of platforms and services • Collaborate with teams to prevent issues, and effectively identifying and documenting any issues which do occur. About ComiXology: ComiXology, an Amazon.com, Inc. subsidiary (NASDAQ: AMZN), has revolutionized the comic book and graphic novel industry by delivering a cloud-based digital comics platform that makes discovering, buying, and reading comics more fun than ever before. ComiXology’s Guided View reading technology transforms the comic book medium into an immersive and cinematic experience, helping comiXology become a top ten grossing iPad app in 2011 and 2012 and the top grossing non-game iPad app in 2012 and 2013. Offering the broadest library of comic book content from over 75 publishers – and independent creators as well – comiXology will not stop until everyone on the face of the planet has become a comic book fan. ComiXology is based in New York City. For more information visit www.comixology.com. ComiXology is an equal opportunity employer. Basic Qualifications Who You Are, What You Do: • Strong experience testing services, websites, cms tools, and mobile applications • You have collaborated with tech and product teams to ensure that products not only do what they're supposed to, but also meet the needs of partners and passionate, dedicated fans • You have experience with and are a strong advocate for TDD and BDD methodologies. • You have experience with continuous integration systems and have made them a part of your daily life • Your scripting/programming experience has provided you with a great foundation for QA • Experience and knowledge of security testing, performance testing, and load testing • You have 3+ years of professionally writing code (either as a developer or test engineer) • Knowledge of databases and SQL, nobody can hide the data from you just by leaving out a front-end interface • Ability to work at both detailed and abstract levels • You laugh in the face of “Can not reproduce” with your extensive collection of request logs, server logs, application logs, screen shots, and screen recordings • *nix command line experience, you have that! Preferred Qualifications Would be great, but not required: • Desire to learn and leverage exciting new tools and techniques in order to test better, faster, stronger • You’ve worked with continuous deployment systems • You enjoy mentoring Jr. colleagues and are receptive to feedback • You know who would win in a fight between Bat-man and Iron Man • You’re bothered by the fact “Batman” was hyphenated	Software Development Engineer Test I - SDE-T I - comiXology	Iconology, Inc. d/b/a comiXology	New York	NY	New York, NY	Amazon.com	Sat, 24 Oct 2015 15:02:31 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=07f6ff86a741eb13&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2xPPX4EpjZjE8hD0hR1yu2JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke59au1a390bh
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	ITG is looking for a highly motivated software engineer to utilize experience in C++, C#, Computer Networks, Direct Market Data Feeds, Message Oriented Middleware and Agile Methodology in order to develop and enhance ITG’s real-time market data software. The incumbent will perform all phases of software development lifecycle including requirements gathering, analysis, design, construction, deployment, and maintenance, and will research, coordinate and resolve production support issues by interacting with product owners, clients and other stakeholders. RESPONSIBILITIES: • Code, test and debug new and existing software • Develop enhancements to existing software according to specifications • Develop standard routines and utility programs • Review functional specifications and work with the project team to provide technical solutions that meet the needs of the business • Conduct software compatibility tests and resolve interface and system architecture problems • Conduct system modeling, simulation and analysis in designing software programs and applications • Perform maintenance on existing software products • Document solutions • Work with the market data vendor to design and implement Market Data feed handler • Design databases and third party interfaces • Work with other Market Data groups to solve highly technical and complex problems on multiple projects, and provide consultative support to team members • Coordinate with other technology leads to ensure a consistent design and compatibility with all interfacing products SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE: • Previous experience in object oriented programming, embedded systems, network programming, multithreading, relational databases (RDBMS) and new/advanced programming languages • Proven technical knowledge in software development methodologies, design and implementation • Demonstrated ability to effectively communicate quantitative and conceptual topics and concepts • Previously demonstrated excellent problem solving aptitude • Demonstrated ability to work independently, handle multiple tasks simultaneously and adapt quickly to changes • Previous experience developing high quality industry specific applications • Experience with Reuters Market Data System (RMDS) preferred • Ability to analyze and design at multiple product levels TECHNICAL KNOWLEDGE/SKILLS: Required: • C++ • C# / .NET • Object Oriented programming • Multithreading • SQL /Sybase/ RDBMS • Windows OS • Networking Protocols and Programming: UDP, TCP/IP • UNIX/Linux Preferred: • Service Oriented architectures • COM • PERL • Python EDUCATION AND QUALIFICATIONS: • B.S. or M.S. degree in Computer Science or equivalent technical discipline Interested candidates should send a resume to Careers@itg.com and include Software Engineer – URT in the subject line	Software Engineer – URT	ITG	New York	NY	New York, NY	ITG	Fri, 09 Oct 2015 22:47:12 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=375664ec40421a5d&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2xPPX4EpjZjE8hD0hR1yu2JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke59au1a390bh
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	The Senior Software Engineer will be accountable for leading a small team as well as developing and maintaining key modules of the V12 Group's suite of SaaS applications. The Engineer will be working on a variety of applications and next generation products as well as working on a team of top developers with cutting edge technologies. Location: Red Bank, NJ Responsibilities • Design, develop and modify modules based on functional and system requirements • Work closely with Product Owner for understanding the functional and system requirements • Provide feedback during design and code peer reviews • Adhere to software team's established processes and tools • Participate in sprint planning and estimating • Contribute ideas for process improvement, including coding practices, standards and tools • Work closely with Software Engineers to ensure architectural integrity and product quality • Mentor junior engineers in development methodologies and best practices • Engage in continuous self-improvement of technical and communications skills • Solid understanding of OOP/OOD Principles • Participate in testing process through unit testing and bug fixes • Strong ability to debug code quickly and efficiently • Maintain awareness of deadlines and priorities • All other duties as assigned Position Requirements Formal Education &amp; Certification • BS/BA degree in Computer Science, Information Systems or related field Like to Haves • 4-6+ years in a working environment • Experience leading a team • HTML5 / CSS3 / JavaScript • JQuery / knockoutjs / AngularJS • C# • ASP.NET MVC • Basic Design Patterns (Factory, Repository, Singleton, UnitOfWork, Dependency Injection) • Team leadership/Scrum Master • Experience organizing and coordinating programming tasks assigned to other Software Engineers • Experience monitoring project status, technical leadership, mentoring and providing insight within the Software Engineering department Other valuable skills • ADO.NET / ORM: Entity Framework, NHibernate • SQL Server Databases (SQL Queries, Stored Procedures, Database Triggers) • Agile/Scrum methodologies • Familiarity building multithreaded applications • Experience with modern Internet APIs, protocols, and patterns including REST, JSON, XML • WCF, WebAPI 2, Web Services (REST, SOAP) • Embrace a test-driven development (TDD) approach, leveraging unit test tools such as JUnit and NUnit (BTT nice to have) Personal Attributes • Experience at working both independently and in a team-oriented, collaborative environment is essential • Analytical and problem-solving capabilities • Strong attention to detail and ability to multi-task • Ability to work under tight project deadlines Check us out at: http://www.v12groupinc.com/ 	Senior Software Engineer	V12 Group	Red Bank	NJ	Red Bank, NJ	V12 Group	Mon, 02 Nov 2015 06:33:00 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=d8eaa85d97511333&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2xPPX4EpjZjE8hD0hR1yu2JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke59au1a390bh
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	We're looking to expand our team of expert Ruby developers located in our New York City office. As a part of our agile team, you'll be working with innovative tools, processes and people to engineer web applications that are distributed and consumed on a massive scale. Responsibilities: Web application programming Test-driven development Collaboration with other functional groups - design, product management and marketing Vocal participation in code reviews and retrospectives Active contributions to the continual improvement of process and product Working within a Services Oriented Architecture Aggressive refactoring About you: Dedication to software craftsmanship and shipping quality products Senior Ruby developer with a focus on web applications Experience working on software-as-a-service essential Ability to jump in and contribute Experience with Ruby-based test frameworks: RSpec, Shoulda, Test::Unit, Cucumber Javascript: The Good Parts Relational database knowledge and experience Commitment to traversing the whole stack: client-side through the persistence layer Actively experimenting with new technologies What we offer: A fun, collaborative, agile work environment Interesting engineering challenges involving scale and big data An emphasis on learning and career growth A commitment to a work/life balance and sustainable development State of the art equipment A very competitive salary Equity participation through a stock option plan 	Senior Software Engineer	CONSTANT CONTACT	New York	NY	New York, NY	Constant Contact	Fri, 09 Oct 2015 14:16:00 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=1cf796dd98a2a71f&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2xPPX4EpjZjE8hD0hR1yu2JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke59au1a390bh
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	About the Company PlaceIQ is a rapidly growing, venture funded “Big Data” business with a tremendous opportunity to become the market leader in the exploding location intelligence marketplace. Starting with an extensive library of unstructured/unrelated geospatial, temporal and social data, PlaceIQ transforms location data into audience and insight, providing an unparalleled ability to intelligently define, reach and learn about an audience in the ever increasingly mobile world. Summary Having already assembled an exceptionally skilled, diverse and passionate team of developers and data scientists, we are looking for world-class engineers that can (or are willing to learn how to…) do it all. From web front ends to regression models/classification algorithms, complex data visualizations to geospatial clustering, a full stack enterprise targeting platform to big data analytics, PlaceIQ software engineers live for huge challenges and know how to deliver in a fast paced, agile environment. Our unique culture breeds excellence and embraces creativity as we look to innovate and drive our business forward. If you have a passion for imagining and building technology solutions that will make an immediate impact in an untapped space, we want to talk to you! The Role: As a senior member of our Engineering team, you will own the design, development and integration of the next generation Location Analytics Platform. Along with the technical chops necessary to build and deploy robust, high-performance, always available services that will scale to our clients’ needs, the ideal candidate will bring the “right” mix of creativity and development discipline to expand the standards of excellence that our Engineers and Data Scientists have already set. We work in an agile environment focused on delivering high quality software through quick iterations. We don’t always stick to a particular programming language or adapt our requirements to fit within a particular technology stack. Software development, for us, focuses on the simple yet elegant solutions to complex problems. We rely on the most basic fundamentals of computer science every day while drawing from the latest and greatest breakthroughs in mobile/web/big data paradigms to build the absolute best in class platform for our clients. At PlaceIQ, we empower our team members to extend beyond traditional functional boundaries so that we can build game-changing products. This means that our Engineers will need to put on their Product Manager hats to deeply understand the mobile ecosystem with an eye towards developing a major disruption. Our Engineers will also have to become Social Anthropologists/Analysts to uncover the hidden truths and behavioral patterns from petabytes of geospatial data. Minimum Requirements: BA/BS in Computer Science/Engineering or related technical field 3-5 years of industry experience with Java and Hadoop Full lifecycle development experience building high performance/low latency client-server architectures Strong database, NoSQL and networking skills Experience in UNIX/Linux environments with Bash/Python/Ruby scripting Solid foundation in computer science fundamentals from data structures and algorithms to high-level design patterns Preferred Qualifications: Mastery of a Web Services Stack (any language) Strong experience with big data sets and NoSQL databases Previous experience managing teams of developers Strong knowledge of performance testing and processing optimization techniques Strong experience developing complicated algorithms Experience with functional languages (Scala, Clojure, Haskell) Experience working in a KanBan Agile group. 	Lead Software Engineer	PlaceIQ	New York	NY	New York, NY	PlaceIQ	Mon, 19 Oct 2015 06:57:39 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=d31b967ded804924&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2xPPX4EpjZjE8hD0hR1yu2JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke59au1a390bh
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	AQR is a global investment firm built at the intersection of financial theory and practical application. We strive to deliver concrete, long-term results by looking past market noise to identify and isolate the factors that matter most, and by developing ideas that stand up to rigorous testing. By putting theory into practice, we have become a leader in alternative strategies and an innovator in traditional portfolio management since 1998. At AQR, our employees share a common spirit of academic excellence, intellectual honesty and an unwavering commitment to seeking the truth. We’re determined to know what makes financial markets tick – and we’ll ask every question and challenge every assumption. We recognize and respect the power of collaboration, and believe transparency and openness to new ideas leads to innovation. Your Role The team is building a new Software Infrastructure platform, to provide new middleware, standards and libraries for integrating software systems with each other. Software components are deployed in Windows and Unix platforms, and usually written in Pyhton, Scala, Java, or C#. Working hand in hand with System Administrators and Production Services we provide top notch service to our clients, the developers, to enable them using new technologies the most efficient and safest way possible. As a Senior Software Infrastructure Engineer, you will: Build proof of concepts, test and take into production technologies like: RabbitMQ, Kafka, Docker, Redis, Zookeeper, Grafana, Graphite, InfluxDB, Docker, Swagger Work with other developers and researchers to get their projects on-boarded onto the platform Develop tools and automation around the platform for portability and easy support use Puppet and Ansible to automate deployment of the Software Infrastructure platform components Responsible for evolving the architecture Mentor junior members of the team What You’ll Bring A solid foundation in computer science 6+ years of experience in software development Delivered successful projects using distributed, event-driven systems, using messaging and/or distributed caching Experience with managing both Unix and Windows environments Know at least one object oriented language at an expert level Excellent object oriented design skills Experience in performing performance tuning and testing Who You Are You are interested in learning functional languages like Clojure, Haskell, and/or Scala You have a passion for learning about software and want to deepen your knowledge in distributed systems You have a passion for DevOps You love building things and play with technology You know how to get quick results, but you take pride and prefer to deliver high quality, precise work 	Senior Software Infrastructure Engineer	AQR Capital Management, LLC	Greenwich	CT	Greenwich, CT	AQR Capital Management, LLC	Fri, 06 Nov 2015 08:58:44 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=2021abbf40b6a445&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2xPPX4EpjZjE8hD0hR1yu2JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke59au1a390bh
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	About Us Priceline services team is responsible for delivering APIs which powers Priceline’s websites, mobile apps and travel deals on various search engines partner sites. Our highly technical, collaborative and nimble services team builds the best in class highly scalable &amp; extremely low latency APIs. To get best deals for our customers we do billions of shops per day across multiple suppliers and the results are stored in a massive big data cluster. At priceline.com we are creative problem solvers who write code anywhere at any time from napkins at the burrito bar to any available surface from glass walls to windows. Our teams are small and agile, which allows developers technical exposure and amazing opportunities to learn new technologies. You'll be part of a world-class team in a fast-paced environment that has the entrepreneurial feel of a start-up. This is an opportunity to operate and engineer systems on a massive scale, and to gain top-notch experience. This position will give you the opportunity to be involved in all phase of the project development from idea to deployment. Priceline.com is part of The Priceline Group, now the 3rd largest e-commerce company in the world by market cap. As a company, our mission is simple: To help people experience the world. Priceline.com does this by offering the best and deepest discounts available on the market today. About You You are passionate about building complex, highly scalable software systems. You enjoy creating unconventional solutions to the most challenging business requirements. You’ve built a lot of software products, created platforms, worked with open-source products and have built big, distributed, API-driven systems. You’re excited about solving really hard engineering problems that no one else has. You understand the challenges associated with operating a large-scale system in production, and your designs and implementations reflect that understanding. Required Skills and Experience: Bachelor’s Degree or equivalent in Computer Engineering, Computer Science, Information Systems or related. 5+ years of experience in hands-on Software Development. Object-oriented design skills with a high degree of proficiency in JAVA programming language. Effectively mentor more junior team members, helping to maintain appropriate unit test coverage, proper code documentation and good and maintainable software design. Knowledge of distributed systems architectures based on SOA Expertise in Spring framework, Web services and API development Strong knowledge in data structures and algorithms Familiarity with Agile development SQL with Oracle and/or MySQL databases And most importantly - a passion to develop software that impacts lives and delivers!! Preferred: Previous startup/e-commerce experience Exposure to Big Data solutions such as Cassandra, Hadoop, Spark, Kafka, Elastic Search and Solr Working experience on low latency systems/services 	Senior Software Engineer (Web Services/API)	Priceline.com	New York	NY	New York, NY	Priceline.com	Tue, 20 Oct 2015 00:59:49 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=70957f855c6f2f28&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2xPPX4EpjZjE8hD0hR1yu2JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke59au1a390bh
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Quidsi Inc., is a subsidiary of Amazon and entrepreneurial parent company to Diapers.com, Soap.com, BeautyBar.com, Wag.com, Yoyo.com, Look.com, Afterschool.com, Casa.com and Vinemarket.com. We are a mom-centric retail technology company. We deliver delightful experiences, products, and expertise by offering a curated selection of products, lightning-fast delivery, incredible customer service, and an easy-to-navigate shopping experience. Quidsi’s sites are host to millions of daily visitors and our warehouses are run by hundreds of autonomous Kiva robots. Our entire operation from our websites/apps, to our fulfillment centers and customer care center is focused on creating an enjoyable end-to-end customer experience. To get there, we need exceptionally talented, bright and driven people who are energized by "what if" (the meaning of Quidsi in Latin). If you'd like to help us build the place where people can find and buy anything online, come and innovate with us! As a Software Development Engineer III, you’ll be a technical leader in Quidsi. You’ll help refine existing or establish new technical standards and drive Quidsi’s overall technical architecture and engineering practices. You’ll work on Quidsi’s hardest problems, building high quality, architecturally sound systems that are aligned with our business needs. You’ll think big when building systems, ensuring Quidsi builds high performing, scalable systems that fit well together. You are pragmatic visionary who can translate business needs into workable technology solutions. You will play an active role in translating business and functional requirements into concrete deliverables. Your expertise is deep and broad. You’re hands on, producing both detailed technical work and high-level architectural designs. You should be comfortable with a higher degree of ambiguity. You’ll have the opportunity to work with multiple technical teams at Quidsi. Along the way, you’ll learn a ton, have fun and make a positive impact. As a Quidsi Software Development Engineer III, you’ll be expected to: · Serve as a technical lead on our most demanding, cross-functional projects · Ensure the quality of architecture and design of systems · Functionally decompose complex problems into simple, straight-forward solutions. · Fully and completely understand system interdependencies and limitations · Possess expert knowledge in performance, scalability, enterprise system architecture, and engineering best practices · Leverage knowledge of internal and industry prior art in design decisions · Assist in the career development of others, actively mentoring individuals and the community on advanced technical issues and helping managers guide the career growth of their team members · Exert technical influence over multiple teams, increasing their productivity and effectiveness by sharing your deep knowledge and experience Basic Qualifications · Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or related field · 8+ years professional experience in software development · Proficiency in, at least, one modern programming language such as C, C++, C#, Java, or Perl Preferred Qualifications ·Experience taking a leading role in building complex software systems that have been successfully delivered to customers · Knowledge of professional software engineering practices &amp; best practices for the full software development life cycle, including coding standards, code reviews, source control management, build processes, testing, and operations · Experience with distributed computing and enterprise-wide systems · Experience in communicating with users, other technical teams, and senior management to collect requirements, describe software product features, technical designs, and product strategy · Experience mentoring junior software engineers to improve their skills, and make them more effective, product software engineers · Experience influencing software engineering best practices within your team · Hands-on expertise in many disparate technologies, typically ranging from front-end user interfaces through to back-end systems and all points in between · Computer Science fundamentals in object-oriented design, data structures, algorithm design, problem solving, and complexity analysis Quidsi Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer-Affirmative Action Employer Female/Minority/Disability/Vet .tch1.qds.crp.	Software Development Engineer III, Quidsi, Amazon Subsidiary	Quidsi, Inc.	Jersey City	NJ	Jersey City, NJ	Amazon.com	Thu, 29 Oct 2015 21:16:19 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=56d249cbee83cfde&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2xPPX4EpjZjE8hD0hR1yu2JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke59au1a390bh
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Title: Software Engineer (Grade III) Location: Whippany, NJ or Fredericksburg, VA Classification: Exempt (Full Time) Position Summary: Breeze-Eastern isa leading global designer and manufacturer of high-performance lifting andpulling devices for military and civilian aircraft, including rescue hoists,winches, and cargo hooks. Rescue crewstrust their lives with Breeze-Eastern products, and we take that responsibilityseriously. The work we do benefits the greater good, and we are a global leaderbecause we keep the best on board. Our challenge isto develop and field next-generation helicopter search and rescue productsincluding rescue hoists and sensors for improving situational awareness. Breezehires some of the most talented engineers in the industry, and we are seekingcandidates who will bring thought leadership and a strong desire to succeed inthe delivery of innovative solutions and operational excellence to ourcustomers. The Software Engineer contributes to allphases of product development, including requirements development, projectplanning, concept development, detailed design, prototyping, testing,transition to production, and aftermarket support. Duties: Evaluates software systems, products, components, and applications by designing and conducting research programs; applying knowledge of software development. Performs original and innovative software design; develops plans, schedules, and identifies resources required to develop products. Coordinates software development process. Design secure web servers and portals for accepting and organizing large data sets, and displaying data analytics. Develop scripts to automate server maintenance tasks. Assures product quality by designing software testing methods; testing finished products and system capabilities. Prepares product reports by collecting, analyzing, and summarizing information and trends. Provides engineering information by answering questions and requests. Work both individually and as a leader and key contributor on project teams. Maintains professional and technical knowledge by attending educational workshops; reviewing professional publications; establishing personal networks; participating in professional societies. Required Education and Experience: BS Computer Science or Computer Engineering degree (or equivalent) from an ABET-accredited college or university. An advanced engineering degree (MS) and/or project management certification is desired. Minimum experience of 3 years working as a software or systems engineer. Job Requirements: Strong teamwork, communication, and organizational skills. Excellent problem solving and time management skills. Fluency in Java, C#, and Objective C. Experience with one or more of the following: database design and scripting mobile technologies, advanced database design, and data visualization, web services and web security. Experience with product design lifecycle from requirements definition to system architecture to design, test, and maintenance. Breeze-Eastern is committed to the principles of equalemployment opportunity. It is the policy of Breeze-Eastern to recruit, hire,train, and promote persons in all job titles without regard to race, color,religion, sex, age, disability, veteran status, national origin, or any othercharacteristic protected by applicable law.	Software Engineer III	breeze eastern	Union	NJ	Union, NJ	breeze eastern	Sat, 07 Nov 2015 17:46:57 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=6022887f13da2e5e&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2xPPX4EpjZjE8hD0hR1yu2JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke59au1a390bh
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Borderfree is looking for software engineers in front-end web technology experienced in building highly efficient scalable web based applications. This position will be responsible for developing and maintaining code across multiple products and core systems. The right candidate will be an expert in Javascript, CSS3, jQuery and other browser-tier web technology. Borderfree has a mix of multiple technology bases including the following: Java, Scala, Python, PHP, MySQL, Oracle and NoSQL Document Stores such as Couchbase or MongoDb. We believe in building the best applications using the best tools for the job and we’re looking for developers who feel the same way! If you are interested, be prepared to come with strong opinions, a willingness to share them and if you don’t have your own erasable marker, one will be provided in our whiteboard strategy sessions. Responsibilities: Software Engineers are responsible for developing and maintaining the codebase across all of Borderfree’s products and internal tools. Software Engineers will work closely with their teams, the product and business teams to build world class applications using best in class development methodologies. Qualifications: Computer Science, Engineering Degrees or Immersive programming experience required 3+ years of development experience with strong recent experience in commercial web applications working with Node.js, Angular.js, Backbone, React, Knockout or similar Solid experience with Express, LoDash, NPM, Grunt, Bower or Browserify Experience working with Git Experience working in a fast pace agile environment Life at Borderfree – New York City Office At Borderfree, we foster productivity by providing an enjoyable atmosphere in and around the office. We’re conveniently located in Midtown Manhattan, just a few blocks from Bryant Park and Grand Central, and are walking distance to many shops and restaurants. Our work environment is relaxed with a business casual dress code (jeans and sneakers permitted), free snacks and drinks, and a newly installed, Xbox-equipped game room. During the summer months, we offer Summer Fridays to give our employees the opportunity to take advantage of the season. We host team activities outside the office, such as karaoke nights and happy hours, and we have a dedicated internal “Fun Committee” that organizes bake-offs, potlucks, monthly birthday treats, costume contests, and more. Understanding the importance of giving back, we also hold volunteer days during work hours for employees who are interested in giving back to their community. If you want to be a part of a fast-growing global company, apply now! We offer an extensive benefits package that includes medical, dental, and vision coverage and a matching 401(k) program. About Borderfree New York City-based Borderfree is a market leader in international cross-border ecommerce solutions, operating a technology and services platform that the world’s most iconic brands rely on to expand globally and transact with customers in more than 100 countries and territories and more than 60 currencies worldwide. Borderfree manages all aspects of international online retailing including: localized pricing and payment processing, landed cost calculation, customs clearance and brokerage, fraud management, logistics orchestration, and customer-experience parity. For more information, visit www.borderfree.com	Front End Software Engineer	Borderfree	New York	NY	New York, NY	Borderfree	Tue, 20 Oct 2015 05:19:22 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=fa494a0ff1161de0&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2xPPX4EpjZjE8hD0hR1yu2JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke59au1a390bh
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Are you a passionate software engineer interested in a ground-floor role with a growing startup? This is an excellent opportunity to get in on the ground floor at a VC-backed SaaS startup with great traction, revenue and customers. If you thrive in an entrepreneurial startup environment and want to be surrounded by a top-notch team, you might be a great fit for this position. Led by two experienced and successful entrepreneurs, we are a smart, ambitious, and creative company building a new disruptive platform to help companies get better at hiring. After all, everyone knows that talent is the top driver of corporate performance, but most companies still do a poor job at hiring. Something needs to change. Why apply for this job? Work as a key member of a high-­performance, lean startup team Stay at the forefront of software development and technology Help build an amazing business During your first year at Greenhouse you will: Apply functional &amp; OO programming techniques to build high-quality and reusable services in Ruby Write reusable Javascript libraries, responsive SASS, and semantic HTML Architect complex relational models &amp; optimize PostgreSQL Define RESTful web services Help us figure out our distributed micro-services strategy based on SOA/EDA principles Deploy to prod at least once a week You should have: Degree in CS or related field Solid Javascript fundamentals Experience with Ruby or experience with another dynamically typed programming language Experience with Rails or another web based MVC framework Interest in solving real-world business problems You are: Team-oriented Pragmatic At least occasionally sarcastic Awesome Pay, Perks &amp; Such At Greenhouse, we take care of our employees. We provide competitive salaries, stock options and a full slate of benefits including health coverage, an FSA, a 401K plan and pre-tax commuter benefits. We also have a flexible vacation policy and sponsor seasonal sports leagues (kickball fans rejoice!). Perks include catered lunches on Mondays, fully-stocked pantries and great desk gear to help you get your job done. We pride ourselves on company get-togethers like Feelings Fridays and our quarterly All Hands meetings, which reinforces our culture of collaboration and connectivity. Most of us are located in our NYC headquarters in Union Square, and we’ve got a pretty stellar team out in San Fran as well. We're transforming the way companies hire. We're also on quite the hiring spree ourselves. Since its founding in 2012, Greenhouse has doubled in size every six months. We’ve grown our customer base by 500% in the last year alone and also raised $60MM from top VC firms to help fuel our hyper-growth. Greenhouse’s core values and culture are built around being effective, authentic, customer-focused, open-minded, collaborative, and ambitious. Every Greenhouse employee has a direct impact on the growth and direction of our business. Our founding philosophy is to empower ourselves and each other to do the best work of our careers.	Full Stack Software Engineer	Greenhouse	New York	NY	New York, NY	Greenhouse	Mon, 26 Oct 2015 05:47:59 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=0e0939f2118613fa&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2xPPX4EpjZjE8hD0hR1yu2JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke59au1a390bh
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Job Requisition Number: 47029 2016 Software Engineer Bloomberg's software engineers are responsible for creating the world's premiere source for real-time and historical market data and analytics. Engineers are given the responsibility to define, architect, build, and deploy complete systems that anticipate and fulfill our clients' needs. Our agile development cycle allows us to roll out new software seven days a week. Small teams and access to managers creates a collaborative and innovative work environment. Engineers are given the opportunity to be creative and the impact of their contribution is highly visible throughout the company and to clients. We are looking for software engineers who are interested in designing high-impact solutions to help our customers optimize complex workflows, efficiently manipulate large datasets, and make quick, intuitive decisions. The Software Engineer Training Program: our training program will prepare you to develop software in our large-scale and fast-paced environment. Topics will include real-time data processing, databases, networking and graphics technologies. During training, you'll participate in lectures and labs as well as collaborate with colleagues through group projects. Mentors are available throughout training to ensure you're fully prepared to hit the ground running once you join the group of your choice. After training, you will have the opportunity to continue learning through Bloomberg University, expand your network of technology and business experts, and attend presentations with world renowned guest speakers. Qualifications - Desire to design and develop large-scale software systems - BA, BS, MS or PhD degree in Computer Science or related technical field - Programming experience in: C, C++, C#, Java or Python - Strong problem solving skills - Strong communication skills - Minimum 3.0 GPA Additional Preferred Qualifications - Technical internship experience - Knowledge of operating systems - Strong understanding of data structures and algorithms Bloomberg puts a premium on applicants with a background in leadership, training and real world experience. We value military experience and welcome applicants from all service branches and their respective guard and reserve units. The Company Bloomberg, the global business and financial information and news leader, gives influential decision makers a critical edge by connecting them to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas. The company's strength delivering data, news and analytics through innovative technology, quickly and accurately is at the core of the Bloomberg Professional service, which provides real time financial information to more than 315,000 subscribers globally. Bloomberg's enterprise solutions build on the company's core strength, leveraging technology to allow customers to access, integrate, distribute and manage data and information across organizations more efficiently and effectively. Through Bloomberg Law, Bloomberg Government, Bloomberg New Energy Finance and Bloomberg BNA, the company provides data, news and analytics to decision makers in industries beyond finance. And Bloomberg News, delivered through the Bloomberg Professional service, television, radio, mobile, the Internet and three magazines, Bloomberg Businessweek, Bloomberg Markets and Bloomberg Pursuits, covers the world with more than 2,400 news and multimedia professionals at more than 150 bureaus in 73 countries. Headquartered in New York, Bloomberg employs more than 15,000 people in 192 locations around the world. Additional Information - Positions are located in both New York, NY and Princeton, NJ	2016 Software Engineer Job	Bloomberg	New York	NY	New York, NY	Bloomberg	Thu, 29 Oct 2015 17:01:00 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=5beeb0447df5e17a&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2xPPX4EpjZjE8hD0hR1yu2JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke59au1a390bh
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	DESCRIPTION: Catchpoint is looking for an experienced Software Engineer (Mac) to join our monitoring agent development team. Our agent software makes automated transactions over various protocols and various browsers to collect performance metrics which are sent and analyzed by our backend analytics platform. The team operates as an R&amp;D department which researches various protocols, browsers, clients, and Operating Systems with the goal to automate, monitor, and measure metrics that map browser or client activities to the end user experience. This role will deal with expanding our capabilities to the Mac world. EXPERIENCE: 2-5 years experience in C++, C#, or Java (preferably C++) 2-5 years experience in Objective-C/Swift In depth knowledge of Internet/Web related protocols Experience with client software or tablet/phone development Experience with Mobile App or SDK development FAMILIARITY WITH: Mono Unit/Functional testing Writing client/server applications Intel x86/x64 assembly SKILLS: Strong analytical and algorithm design skills Detail oriented with great organization skills Willingness to learn and utilize emerging technologies Ability to mentor other team members. Willingness to dig deeper to understand infrastructure/code/business Robust troubleshooting and analytical skills. REQUIREMENTS: BS or MS degree in Computer Science or related major COMPENSATION: We offer great benefits along with a stable and professional work environment, health insurance, and stock options. OVERVIEW: Catchpoint Systems offers wide-ranging and easy-to-use web monitoring tools that allow businesses to discover and fix problems with their websites before they impact end users, ultimately saving revenue and time, and preserving their brand in the eyes of consumers. Using Catchpoint’s customizable dashboards, analytics capabilities, and innovative alerting system, DevOps professionals can rest easy knowing that their synthetic monitoring needs are taken care of, and that their sites’ speed, availability, and reliability are maximized. At the same time, Catchpoint’s Real User Measurement solution ensures that the sites’ critical conversion paths are optimized to the fullest extent. Over 250 clients, including major brands such as Comcast, LinkedIn, Overstock, TripAdvisor, Wayfair, Priceline, and more have realized the benefit of Catchpoint as a third party monitoring solution. The key to our value is the end-to-end visibility of the complete user experience that our clients are able to access. With 12 different monitor types, including browser, DNS, API, SSH, transaction, network path, and a number of others, Catchpoint users can synthetically monitor from 400+ locations around the world, getting real-time analytics across a broad variety of functionalities that make up their sites.	Software Engineer (Mobile)	Catchpoint Systems	New York	NY	New York, NY	Catchpoint Systems	Wed, 21 Oct 2015 06:50:59 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=60a61379cbb83139&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2xPPX4EpjZjE8hD0hR1yu2JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke59au1a390bh
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Software Engineer – Mid and Senior Level - Java – C++ – Exciting Behavioral Automation Platform Are you a Software Engineer who is eager to work in a startup environment Are you a Software Engineer who is a very capable backend developer Are you a Software Engineer who has experience working in an environment that runs multiple servers Are you a Software Engineer who has experience working with a non-relational/NoSQL database Most importantly, are you a Software Engineer who is fun, cool, flexible, and ready to work If so, please continue. We are looking for Senior and Mid-level Software Engineers to be part of an exciting NYC start up team, working on a Behavioral Automation platform. This flagship company is paving the way to bring websites to life, and has been recognized as one of the best places to work by Internet Week. This exciting new technology uses complex data aggregation and analysis in near real-time to enhance sales for clients in the ecommerce space. You should be interested in learning the art of mind control, because essentially, that’s what we’re doing here. As a Software Engineer, you will be responsible for helping to maintain high level performance, availability, and reliability as the client base continues to grow – you should have experience in environments that are funneling a high volume of traffic. More Responsibilities: Write maintainable and reliable software Create scalable and testable systems Collaborate and provide leadership to cross-functional Teams Deploy code to production and test environments Lead discussions on design, new features, and approaches to implementing new services Provide mentorship and guidance to less experienced developers Improve existing platform Qualifications: Bachelor Degree Needed, Master’s Degree is a plus Software Developer Experience with Java, Python or C++ NoSQL Experience Experience in building high performance, distributed systems and applications Excellent fundamentals when it comes to data structures Strong algorithm writer General Awesomeness as a human	Software Engineer - Backend	FILD	New York	NY	New York, NY	FILD	Tue, 03 Nov 2015 09:49:51 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=f7a5361c9a16eaab&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2xPPX4EpjZjE8hD0hR1yu2JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke59au1a390bh
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Are you a Lead Software Engineer with a strong background in scaling big data Are you a Lead Software Engineering experienced managing a team of developers Are you looking to use your strong engineering and management experience to help make sense of data from over 1 billion people who consume video daily If so, read on! This company is a leader in the video software industry, deploying on over 2M websites, streaming billions of videos a month. This VC funded video software company’s main product is used by everyone from small time bloggers to big time Fortune 500 companies. They are looking for a Lead Software Engineer who can not only manage and lead a team of data engineers, but utilize their Python, Java, Storm and/or Hadoop skills to help grow the business. What You’ll Be Doing: Leading and managing a team of data engineers and scientists Driving the design and developments of the data and analytics system Creating a strategic vision for the team Collecting data on a massive scale to help inform publishers seeking to more effectively grow and monetize their audiences What You Need: Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or related field Strong experience in leading Analytics, Data Science, Engineering functions Strong experience managing a team of engineers Knowledge of some of the following: Python, Java, Storm, Hadoop, Hive, Pig, etc. Experienced in Machine Learning, Data Mining, NLP, and classification algorithms What You Get: Competitive compensation + equity Genuine team and a fun work environment Opportunity to join a growing product team with excellent opportunity for growth Work for a leader in the video space Strong health benefits &amp; perks So, if you’re a Lead Software Engineer with a strong management background and has experience with Storm or Hadoop, please apply now.	Lead Software Engineer – Data – Hadoop – Video Platform	FILD	New York	NY	New York, NY	FILD	Thu, 05 Nov 2015 09:55:34 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=a040fbfd486dc23a&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2xPPX4EpjZjE8hD0hR1yu2JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke59au1a390bh
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Saviance Technologies is currently seeking for the role of Front end software engineer with extensive experience in Ruby on rails, Bootstrap, Marionette, React.js CSS3 and Experiance in Media or E-commerce platform for full time engagements with one of our prestigious client in two location South Norwalk, Connecticut and New York City, NY if you are interested available then please send me your updated resume at nitish.sharmasaviancetech.com or call me at 732-476-5506. Job Description Note Ruby on rails(ROR), Bootstrap and E-commerce plateform must. Position Front end software engineer Location South Norwalk, Connecticut and New York City, NY Duration Long Term Hiring Mode Full Time Contract Job Detail Essential Experience education bull 4+ years of experience in UI dev – with a media or E-commerce platform bull Demonstrated project experience on Ruby on rails, Bootstrap , Marionette, React.js CSS3 bull BS Computer science or higher – from a top tier US or International institution Role Responsibilities bull Build best-in-class web-based UI that emphasizes ease-of-use, simplicity, clarity, and performance. bull Develop new and innovative features. bull Optimize for scale. bull Identify opportunities for process and tool improvements. About Saviance Technologies Saviance Technologies is an EEO employer, employing over 500 professionals across more than 5 offices and 3 global delivery centers in the U.S, UK and India. We offer a very attractive benefits package which includes Medical, dental and vision insurance and compares well with the best in the industry. We deliver a full portfolio of services that includes Application Development Management, Mobile Testing Services, Enterprise Software Solutions, Engineering Services, Full Spectrum of Microsoft Technology Solutions, Business Intelligence Data Warehousing, Global Infrastructure as well as Professional Services. Our mission is to ‘To provide world class Staff Augmentation Services to our clients to enable them to win and grow by using our talent and experience in technological services, intuitive strategies and focused execution'. For immediate consideration please send a Microsoft word copy of your resume to Click here to Apply Please include the job title, authorization to work, interviewproject availability and contact information. Call us now - we guarantee an interview, provided you have the right set of skills and attitude. Thanks and Regards Nitish Sharma US IT Recruiter Saviance Technologies Direct 732-476-5506 Email nitish.sharmasaviancetech.com G-Talk nitish.sharma Skype nitishrbmi.us 16 Bridge St.Metuchen NJ 08840 Web www.saviance.com Ruby on rails, Bootstrap, Marionette, React.js &amp; CSS3 and Experiance in Media or E-commerce platform	Front end software engineer @South Norwalk, CT and New York City, NY	Software Folks, Inc. (dba Saviance Technologies)	New York	NY	New York, NY	Dice	Wed, 04 Nov 2015 23:43:24 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=6b0e0550c84a2391&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2xPPX4EpjZjE8hD0hR1yu2JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke59au1a390bh
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Software Engineer in Test About the Position: The Salesforce Marketing Cloud engineering team is looking for a Software Engineer with a strong affinity towards testing software. While working on a scrum team, you will focus on utilizing and building automated tools to enhance the quality of the product. You will be expected to work closely with development, quality engineers and product management to help define requirements, triage issues and investigate critical areas of the application. You should like to break things, be exhilarated when you discover that really complicated bug, and be detail-oriented enough that you've actually had people comment on it. Responsibilities: • Work within a scrum team to define acceptance criteria and testing strategies •Write automated test scripts to ensure coverage of GUI and API functionality •Work with the leader of test automation to enhance testing frameworks, and drive the testing initiative across the organization •Coach scrum team members on best test automation practices and approaches, and evangelise the benefits and vision around the organization’s change towards increasing automation •Coordinate with team members to analyze test results and debug problems •Communicate effectively with Program Managers, and Development regarding project status and testing progress •Perform both manual and automated tests •Support product deployments Minimum Requirements: • 3+ Years in a Software Engineering or Test Automation role working with web applications •Passionate about leveraging test automation to dramatically increase speed and quality of software delivery processes •Proficiency in at least one modern programming language - e.g. Java, Ruby, C#, PHP •Good understanding of Service Oriented Architecture, and working with RESTful APIs •Comprehension of how HTML, CSS, Javascript and Ajax are used throughout web applications •Great attention to detail and ability to identify, isolate and communicate defects •Working knowledge of databases and SQL •Understanding of Agile/Scrum methodology •Familiarity with ATDD/BDD •Comfortable using GIT within a team environment •Ability to motivate people, instill accountability and achieve results •Excellent written and verbal communication skills required •Experience in large-scale software deployments •BA/BS preferred or equivalent work experience with demonstrated proficiency Salesforce, the Customer Success Platform and world's #1 CRM, empowers companies to connect with their customers in a whole new way. We are the fastest growing of the top 10 enterprise software companies, the World’s Most Innovative Company according to Forbes, and one of Fortune’s 100 Best Companies to Work For six years running. The growth, innovation, and Aloha spirit of Salesforce are driven by our incredible employees who thrive on delivering success for our customers while also finding time to give back through our 1/1/1 model, which leverages 1% of our time, equity, and product to improve communities around the world. Salesforce is a team sport, and we play to win. Join us! Salesforce will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.	Software Engineer in Test	Salesforce	New York	NY	New York, NY	Salesforce	Tue, 13 Oct 2015 18:28:38 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=944b1a5c4d6717ae&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2xPPX4EpjZjE8hD0hR1yu2JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke59au1a390bh
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Yahoo makes the world’s daily habits inspiring and entertaining. By creating highly personalized experiences for our users, we keep people connected to what matters most to them, across devices and around the world. Yahoo’s businesses span across Search, Communications, Media and many other verticals. A Little About Us We are engineers and experts on mobile dedicated to scaling Yahoo as a platform for app developers. We own the developer experience and are responsible for ensuring our partners can easily integrate our advertising and analytics products in their apps. We act as advocates for their unmet needs across our product, engineering and business teams, and yes, we definitely code, from implementing back-end infrastructure that allows the platform to scale to building sample apps that showcase the best use of our SDKs and APIs. A Lot About You We’re looking for an enthusiastic Senior Software Engineer to ensure the 200,000 developers currently using Flurry products are able to integrate easily and quickly. As the ideal candidate, you will be able to engineer solutions involving the entire development stack from Mobile SDKs and RESTful API front-ends to the database (emphasis on Mobile). Your Day Work directly with developers to help them write and deploy their applications using Yahoo services Design, scope, and implement internal apps and tools designed to scale Yahoo as a platform for mobile developers Prototype apps using the latest developments of mobile platforms and services Work closely with the Business Development team to manage relationships with key developers Represent Yahoo to the developer community through attendance and participation at industry conferences and meet ups Troubleshoot production systems in response to partner issues You Must Have Bachelor's in Computer Science or related field; Master's a plus Strong hands on development experience with iOS, Android, and REST APIs Strong experience building highly scalable and reliable server-side applications Experience with J2EE, JavaScript, MySQL, and multithreaded programming *LI-YahoosRock	Tech Yahoo, Sr. Software Development Engineer	Yahoo! Inc.	New York	NY	New York, NY	Yahoo! Inc.	Fri, 09 Oct 2015 20:34:13 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=4ef517056733b8c1&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2xPPX4EpjZjE8hD0hR1yu2JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke59au1a390bh
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	We are looking for a Senior Software Engineer to architect and develop embedded software for 3D printers. As a Senior Software Engineer, you will: architect and develop desktop software for interfacing with 3D printers. write code in C++ and python, potentially also in C and assembly. interact with teams across multiple engineering disciplines. As a Senior Software Engineer, you have: 5+ years developing software applications in a professional setting. software architecture design experience. interest or experience in software technical leadership. CS , CE or EE with software experience. experience with Linux/Mac/Windows Drivers for USB communication and/or Networking. current authorization to work in the United States on a full-time basis -- this employer will not sponsor applications for work/student visas. Extra experience counts too! Experience with electro-mechanical systems Experience with 3D printer systems Experience leading a team of software developers MakerBot is an equal opportunity employer. We consider all applicants for all positions without regard to race, creed, color, religion, gender, national origin, age, disability, sexual orientation, marital status, status with regard public assistance, veteran status, or membership in any other legally protected class.	Senior Software Engineer	MakerBot	New York	NY	New York, NY	MakerBot	Fri, 16 Oct 2015 05:50:18 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=6e4b2432e6bbbccb&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2xPPX4EpjZjE8hD0hR1yu2JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke59au1a390bh
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Implement innovative prototypes. Study and implement approaches drawn from academic literature or in-house design. Evaluate the resulting prototype implementation to test its value in addressing the research goals. Prepare prototypes for demonstrations and evaluations by research sponsors. Respond to any last-minute complications to ensure a smooth and successful evaluation. Qualifications: At least a BS in computer science or equivalent experience. MS is great. PhD is extra-great Advanced software application development skills in C/C++ Experience: At least three years of industrial experience or graduate-level work is highly desirable, but good new graduates are welcome and encouraged to apply Bonus Skills: Know one or more of these? So much the better. Linux scripting and automation: Shell scripts, Python, pipes, process management Scheme or Lisp Assembly language and ELF executable format SMT or SAT solvers, or theorem provers Required experience: Advanced skills in C/C++: 2 years 	Software Engineers - Research (Binary Rewriting)	Compiler Inc.	New York	NY	New York, NY	Indeed	Sun, 25 Oct 2015 15:39:42 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=6654ef10204fa768&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2xPPX4EpjZjE8hD0hR1yu2JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke59au1a390bh
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Getty Images is looking for a Senior Software Engineer who wants to lead one of the best engineering teams in the business as part of our Platform team. We are a lean company, data-driven and committed to delivering real customer value. We are interested in finding someone who is smart, dedicated, a quick learner and raises the bar for our team. This role is focused on Scala, Akka, RabbitMq, ElasticSearch, AWS and various other technologies that we use. If you aren’t an expert in these technologies already we’ll help you get up to speed quickly. To learn more about our technology stack and our team’s work check out the following deck from a NYC tech talk: https://speakerdeck.com/mhamrah/the-new-enterprise-rabbitmq-akka-and-aws-at-getty-images Who You Are: You love developing elegant solutions to complex problems. You have experience leading a development team providing guidance on best development practices for the team. You follow the development community on twitter and are passionate about finding ways to improve quality, performance and delivery times. You have a great mix of technical and soft skills which allow you to excel in a highly collaborative, agile work environment. You are a passionate developer who has participated and led in the design, quality, and testing of any development platforms such as Scala, Java or .NET. You are passionate about learning and working with the best language/tool for the job. Your Next Challenge: Lead the development of and maintenance of project code including : Take an active role in development of low-level design Develop code in keeping with established processes and standards Debug and contribute to unit test and behavior test modules. Assist release management staff by providing necessary documentation Create and maintain project documentation, in accordance with established standards Assist Director with capacity planning and resource management Lead in implementation of project design, standards and processes including: Develop and document the high-level technical design Identify project tasks and define task definitions Work in an agile environment Provide senior project staff with full communication of project progress Ability to contribute to cross functional team discussions Excellent communication, organizational, and interpersonal skills You’re Getting Warm (You Need This): BS in Computer Science or equivalent education/experience Excellent understanding of OO languages A strong working knowledge of Scala, Java, C# or Python Experience in architecting distributed, highly available, high performance, scalable applications Architectural understanding of N-tier web applications Working knowledge of web languages and frameworks (HTML, JavaScript/JQuery, CSS, REST, JSON) Experience with Databases such as PostgreSQL, MySQL, SQL Server Superior creative and problem solving skills Ability to mentor and be mentored by your co-workers Initiative to work both independently and as part of a team Experience with a revision control system If you do not already know Scala, you must have a strong desire to learn it You’re Heating Up (Nice To Have): Experience with infrastructure automation tools, such as Vagrant, Docker, Packer, Puppet and Jenkins Knowledge and work experience with public cloud resources such as AWS Prior experience with Functional Programming languages such as Scala Experience with Agile software methodologies and continuous deployment Experience designing and implementing interfaces using JQuery, AngularJS, Knockout, or other AJAX UI libraries Knowledge of popular open-source Java/Scala frameworks, including Spray, Akka, Play, and Lucene Experience building high-traffic, scalable and high performance systems You’re on Fire (Super Awesome If You Do): A github account that has many active contributions Active contributions to the twitter community A personal blog recapping about your many coding conquests Proven track record in public Hackathons LI-MM1 Who We Are: Getty Images is the world’s leader in visual communication, with over 170 million assets available through its premium content site www.gettyimages.com and its leading stock content site www.istock.com . With its advanced search and image recognition technology, Getty Images serves business customers in more than 100 countries and is the first place creative and media professionals turn to discover, purchase and manage images and other digital content. Its award-winning photographers and content creators help customers produce inspiring work which appears every day in the world’s most influential newspapers, magazines, advertising campaigns, films, television programs, books and online media. Visit Getty Images at www.gettyimages.com to learn more about how the company is advancing the unique role of digital media in communications and business, and enabling creative ideas to come to life. For company news and announcements, visit press.gettyimages.com , and for the stories, innovation and inspiration behind our content, visit Stories &amp; Trends http://stories.gettyimages.com . Find us on Facebook at www.facebook.com/gettyimages and Twitter at https://twitter.com/GettyImages . Getty Images is an equal opportunity employer and strongly supports diversity in the workplace.	Senior Software Engineer	Getty Images	New York	NY	New York, NY	Getty Images	Fri, 16 Oct 2015 00:59:18 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=9adc4b869534c7b6&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2xPPX4EpjZjE8hD0hR1yu2JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke59au1a390bh
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	About Us NBCUniversal is one of the world’s leading media and entertainment companies in the development, production, and marketing of entertainment, news, and information to a global audience. NBCUniversal owns and operates a valuable portfolio of news and entertainment television networks, a premier motion picture company, significant television production operations, a leading television stations group, and world-renowned theme parks. NBCUniversal’s policy is to provide equal employment opportunities to all applicants and employees without regard to race, color, religion, creed, gender, gender identity or expression, age, national origin or ancestry, citizenship, disability, sexual orientation, marital status, pregnancy, veteran status, membership in the uniformed services, genetic information, or any other basis protected by applicable law. Career Level Experienced Country United States State/Province New Jersey City Englewood Cliffs Responsibilities Role Summary: NBCUniversal has an opening for a Software Engineer in Workflow Engineering within its Media Engineering Organization. The successful candidate will design, write and implement software solutions that will enhance and support the Media Asset Management (MAM) systems that are used within multiple operational groups within NBCUniversal. Responsibilities: Duties include, but are not limited to: Customize workflows for NBCUniversals’ Global Media Operations (GMO) – encompassing content prep and delivery for US domestic and international content delivery. Develop software related to media asset management systems, automated metadata management and media delivery capabilities. Integrate various software platforms through vendor APIs. Work with vendors on API implementation and troubleshooting, suggesting necessary features and identifying enhancement opportunities. Engineer integrated software solutions to anticipate and enable business growth, productivity, and reliability. Identify automation opportunities within media workflows, and develop appropriate software solutions. Coordinate with internal operational &amp; technology and vendor support teams to isolate issues and drive resolution. Configure test, QA and production environments with proper packages and dependencies to enable development. Work with client user groups to ensure operational needs are being appropriately met. Provide 24x7 On-Air systems support and daily operations support; some overnight shift-schedule support will be required during on-air rollout and special broadcast events. Other duties as assigned. Qualifications/Requirements Education/experience in Broadcast Technology/Engineering or related field - ideally BS in Engineering/Computer Science and experience within the broadcast industry. Scripting knowledge – in particular JavaScript within a Rhino environment along with python and shell scripting proficiency. Experience managing a GNU/Linux environment for development, including package management and basic system administration. Experience developing software against documented third-party APIs and working with vendors to identify and correct issues and drive enhancements. Minimum 5 years working with IT systems, with a solid understanding of network protocols and standards (e.g. DNS, TCP, HTTP, FTP, SSH). Experience developing software in a team environment. Excellent verbal and written communication skills. Schedule flexibility is needed to meet on-air operational needs. Eligibility Requirements Must be willing to work in Englewood Cliffs, NJ. Must be willing to submit to a background investigation. Must be 18 years or older. Desired Characteristics Familiarity with broadcast production or video production systems, ideally working knowledge of Evertz Mediator Asset Management System. Experience working with Agile and Scrum methodologies for software development and project execution. Experience with high-volume data migration projects. 	Software Engineer	NBC Universal	Englewood Cliffs	NJ	Englewood Cliffs, NJ	NBC Universal	Tue, 20 Oct 2015 22:23:43 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=6e15326f6a6add03&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2xPPX4EpjZjE8hD0hR1yu2JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke59au1a390bh
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Genesis10 is currently seeking C/C++ Software Engineers for multiple full time opportunities with a global leader in the financial industry in New York City. Summary: Our client has fantastic full-time career opportunities right now for C/C++ software engineers in New York City Proven C/C++ developers will enjoy excellent compensation and benefits including four weeks of vacation and a relocation package Description: Do you have experience developing high throughput, low latency server side applications using C or C++ in Unix/Linux environments? Not only is this an excellent career opportunity, it is your chance to live, work and enjoy one of the best cities in the world! Typical candidates are proven performers who have worked in environments that support high frequency trading, telecommunications and other real-time and embedded programming environments such as control systems and device drivers Requirements: Experience in developing high throughput, low latency server side applications using C or C++ in Unix/Linux environments is required. Typical candidate will have experience in one or more of the following industries: high frequency trading, mission critical coding, telecom and or other Real Time embedded programming environments such as control systems, device drivers etc. Strong C/C++ development experience on unix platforms (or equivalent expertise) along with strong user-orientation and creativity. Mid to senior level positions are available as well as positions for technical leads Minimum: 3 to 5 years' of software development experience in C/C++ Solid understanding of data structures, algorithms, and object-oriented design Strong technical problem solving and coding skills Proficient in multi-threaded, Real Time programming technique Experience in low-level programming desired Solid verbal and written communication skills Ability to coach and eventually mentor team members Bachelor's/master's/PhD degree in computer science, engineering, finance or related field (or equivalent expertise) If you are a qualified candidate interested in this opportunity, please apply! About SWATT: The Genesis10 Software and Technology Team (SWATT) is a specialized recruiting service focused on helping accomplished software developers, programmers, platform engineers and elite technology professionals find once-in-a-lifetime career opportunities in New York City with the world’s most advanced technology organizations. Whether local to New York or relocating from across North America, we take an authentic approach to helping people make life-changing technology career decisions. For more information go to http://swatt.genesis10.com/ “Genesis10 is an Equal Opportunity Employer, M/F/D/V”	C++ Software Engineer Opportunities in NYC!	Genesis10	New York	NY	New York, NY	Genesis10	Wed, 04 Nov 2015 03:05:00 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=022eb662cbe103eb&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2z5Emk5rtcK32V96ndolMyJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke5e0s18i11j7
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Indicative is focused on making analytics easy for enterprise businesses by building simple, yet incredibly powerful tools. The Company is led by a successful management team with a proven track record that includes multiple exits to Fortune 500 companies. We've scaled up to processing billions of datapoints per month from our customers, from across many different sources, and we're looking to grow even further. We're hiring proactive, analytical engineers to build out our data ingestion pipeline and query engine. In this role, you'll have your thumb on the pulse of our most critical systems, and you'll help in innovating to scale out our infrastructure as our business grows. Skills &amp; Requirements You have advanced skills in Java and the JVM (3+ years) You have a solid CS foundation: you're able to justify the data structures, algorithms and techniques used in your code, and you're able to analyze it with regard to time/space complexity. You recognize the importance of clean/reusable code, automated testing, and building scalable systems. You get the job done: we're a small company, and we all wear a lot of hats. Whether it's engineering, ops, or even customer-facing, you're good for it. You're able to learn quickly and gain mastery of new technologies. We're primarily a JVM shop using Cassandra, MySQL, RabbitMQ, Thrift, AWS, etc. Your ability to get up to speed quickly is more important than your experience. About Indicative Indicative is focused on making analytics easy for businesses by building simple, yet incredibly powerful tools. The Company is led by a successful management team with a proven track record that includes multiple exits to Fortune 500 companies. What We Offer Friendly, fun, and intelligent co-workers who are the best in their respective fields A polite and collegial work environment A successful management team with multiple successful exits The ability to be a key player in the direction of the company and product Free snacks, drinks, etc Competitive pay and comprehensive employee benefits package 	Software Engineer - Distributed Systems	Indicative	New York	NY	New York, NY	StackOverflow Jobs	Sat, 31 Oct 2015 02:48:14 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=e5a02ee1dd954c44&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2z5Emk5rtcK32V96ndolMyJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke5e0s18i11j7
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	About Sendence Sendence is a small but fast growing company, backed with revenue. We're building a comprehensive data platform initially targeted at the financial industry. The platform includes real-time message-processing operating at low latency, with resiliency and consistency and batch processing for complex reporting and analysis. We use the best tools to analyze and react to our data. We're looking to scale our current platform, built on open source technologies like Kafka and Storm, to over a million messages per second. We believe in open source and strive to build on these technologies and contribute back to the projects we use. Additionally, we will be looking for opportunities to share code created at Sendence and help the community at large. About the team Our team is responsible for development and maintenance of the company’s platform and supporting applications. We are currently 10 people but we are looking to grow to 20 by the end of the year. We have a lot of green field problems and the chance for each new team member to make a lasting impact on our technology and culture. We're passionate about the team we work with and the tools we use to realize our vision. We rely on our people to solve problems, learn concepts and skills quickly, write maintainable code, and help each other. Our team spans software engineering, technical operations, product and machine learning. Our challenges include: Pushing the limits of high throughput, low-latency realtime data processing Measuring and monitoring the health of the system without impacting performance Creating and managing complex infrastructure in multiple environments (bare metal at the bank, AWS, local) Creating machine learning algorithms to detect patterns and react in real-time to high volumes of data Creating a data platform to support complex reporting and analysis to make data a competitive advantage for our clients About the position Sendence is seeking a software engineer to build high quality solutions. We are more interested in your problem solving and engineering skills for creating robust software than in what frameworks or languages you’ve worked with. We believe that these skills aren’t tied to years of experience but as new company we aren’t currently in the position to on-board engineers into the industry so professional experience is required. As a software engineer, you’ll be working on a variety of projects including security, RESTful services, a rules engine, and analytics on time-series data among others. You will work with the rest of the team on all aspects of our software engineering challenges including: Implementing security and auditing across our platform Building a services layer to expose the data in our platform for consumption Implementing analytics on time-series data to predict events before they occur Scaling our real-time message processing system utilizing Apache Storm up to 1 million messages per second Developing efficient data pipelines implementing complex business logic utilizing Apache Spark and/or other appropriate technologies To be successful in this role you need: Professional software engineering experience Self-guided learner with the ability to pick up new skills quickly Excellent written and verbal skills Ability to work collaboratively with others Ability to thrive in an environment where the long-term goal remains stable but day-to-day needs may change quickly It would be great if you had any of the following experiences… but if you don’t, we’d love to help you gain them: Financial experience (banking or trading) Experience with Java, Scala, distributed systems, databases Startup experience We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.	Software Engineer	Sendence	New York	NY	New York, NY	Sendence	Tue, 06 Oct 2015 09:40:17 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=302c330476d64f34&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2z5Emk5rtcK32V96ndolMyJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke5e0s18i11j7
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	About Audible : Audible is a mission driven, highly profitable media company in hyper-growth. We're a collection of artists, designers and technologists with a love of literature, performance and the spoken word. We're the leading provider of audiobooks worldwide with a huge catalog of exclusive content and a first-class listening experience on Kindle, Android and iOS devices. We love our customers and we love our product. We're on a mission to share great stories with the world and we want you to be a part of that journey. About THIS opportunity : Within Audible we have built a Feature Enhancement group that owns customer facing features across the Web, devices, and tools. The Feature Enhancement group builds and ships software quickly and with a high bar of engineering excellence that directly benefit our users. The initiatives and features we work on are those most often requested by our customers and those that continue to move the bar for providing a great experience and feature set. The next feature we build will very likely be one at least one of your friends or family members will use on a daily basis and will thank you for. This team uses awesome frameworks and tools to rapidly develop new experiences. We listen to our customers and the tech industry and it's our responsibility to push Audible into new places; wherever our customers are listening. That's really an excuse to experiment with things like adaptive streaming, home automation, wearables or even the Raspberry Pi. This is a developer opportunity with the Feature Enhancement group. This team is building and enhancing features across the web and devices and contributing to the technology infrastructure and platform across Audible. We need your help to develop and deliver on this vision in an iterative manner. Success means we lay the foundation for continued expansion of our company without disrupting an already tremendously successful and much loved product. As an engineering leader on our team you'll be expected to lead by example, write great code, solve difficult problems, set a high bar for the team around you and help them achieve engineering excellence. We want you to execute on your ideas, challenge the status quo and generally make things better. You'll need the soft-skills too; Communication, influence and passion are key to the success of the team and ultimately the company. You'll experience all the challenges, ambiguity and opportunities of a new team with a new mission but for the right candidate that's part of the fun. How does Amazon fit in? We're a part of Amazon, they are our parent company and it's a great partnership. You'll get to play with all of Amazon's technologies like EC2, SQS and S3 but it doesn't stop there. Audible's built on Amazon technology and you'll have insight into the inner workings of the world's leading ecommerce experience. There's a LOT to learn! Your career will benefit from working with teams like Kindle, A9, P13N and many more. If you want to own and solve problems, work with a creative dynamic team, fail fast in a supportive environment whilst growing your career and working on high volume (2000+ tps) services that support millions of customers worldwide we want to hear from you. Everyone likes specifics so here's some of the standard info: * Lead the way - "Lead" means staying up to date with tools, trends, technologies and best practices both industry-wide and within Amazon and then sharing that knowledge in a meaningful way with the community. * Own key areas within our platform. "Owning" means envisioning, designing, creating, building and supporting. This infrastructure needs to operate with a high degree of operational excellence (we measure EVERYTHING). * Support other developers. "Support" means be the go-to-person for questions but never be a bottle-neck, see around the corner and anticipate developers' needs, host brown bags, knowledge-transfer sessions and generally evangelize the platform. * Partner with product management to imagine, design, develop, test, and launch software that wows our community and inspires our peers. * Be willing to explore and learn un-prompted. Bring problems AND solutions to the table. Basic Qualifications * Computer Science with 5+ years experience * Java or equivalent OO language, familiarity with Unix/Linux environments * Well-rounded engineering skills; full-stack development experience - web + services - If you've built something in your spare time send us the link, we'd love to hear about it. * A high-quality bar; just-enough documentation, unit testing, code reviews, test automation, continuous integration &amp; deployment and a preference for agile methods. Preferred Qualifications Don't worry, we'll ramp you up but experience in any of these areas will help you hit the ground running: * App development on Android platform, iOS platform , Windows platform * State of the art Page Framework and web UI development * Service oriented architecture * Building and maintaining very high traffic web services	Software Development Engineer	Audible, Inc.	Jersey City	NJ	Jersey City, NJ	Amazon.com	Thu, 22 Oct 2015 09:18:58 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=0e67b0b0fd78f4a4&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2z5Emk5rtcK32V96ndolMyJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke5e0s18i11j7
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Do you build Real-Time data applications? If complex problem solving through algorithmic thinking and coding sounds like you see below! What's the Job? As the Sr. Analytics Platform Developer you will work as part of our Real-Time Pricing and Analytics Organization. The right candidate will help build the foundation for our new breed of cutting edge applications and APIs for the analytics platform. As part of the team you will onboard and integrate real-time news, filings, research, and other data to the platform solving problems for various different business units and functions. The Sr. Developer will focus on pre and post trade market data analytics as well as a variety of other projects as they occur in an evolving market. What skills do you need? Strong working knowledge of Java and C++ Algorithmic thinking and coding experience Experience with complex multi-tier systems and framework architecture (distributed systems) All around fundamental programming &amp; problem solving skills Strong Pluses: Knowledge of Big-Data technologies Stream computing and/or CEP experience Design skills (ability to understand design challenges) Modern search platform experience (Elastic Search, Solr) Other technology (HBase, Impala, Hive, HDFS, MapReduce) In-depth Algorithm knowledge and experience Content Ingestion experience Who are we? We are the leading source of intelligent information for the world's businesses and professional. We deliver this must-have insight to the financial and risk, legal, tax and accounting, intellectual property and science and media markets, powered by the world's most trusted news organization. This is a full-time position in our New York office. We are offering a very competitive salary and bonus structure. We have a tremendous benefits package, flexible work schedule and value our work/life balance. If this is something that interests you, please apply today for immediate consideration.	Senior Software Engineer: Real Time Big Data	Averity	New York	NY	New York, NY	Averity	Wed, 04 Nov 2015 22:27:50 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=f9bfee44e6625609&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2z5Emk5rtcK32V96ndolMyJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke5e0s18i11j7
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Senior Software Engineer - Ex Google Tech Startup Please apply via indeed by clicking "apply now". We typically respond within 24 hours and look forward to connecting! We use cutting-edge technology to give nimble business owners a competitive advantage in their customer interactions. We work on a broad range of business initiatives and objectives by leveraging a wide set of technologies and tools. Our tech stack is based on Java, Angular, Play, and Scala. Our purpose-built applications are designed as microservices and integrate with technologies such as Kafka, Storm, Elasticsearch, MongoDB, and Redis. We have a leading-edge continuous deployment pipeline that leverages Mesos, Docker, Marathon, Puppet, and Bamboo to provide rapid on-demand releases. Our developers, product managers and business representatives work in an agile process to efficiently deliver high value solutions to our small business customers. What you’ll do: Work on everything from backend, user-interface, and content management to messaging, database systems, and web services. You’ll design, code, test and run the systems. Solve complex and challenging business problems with cutting edge technologies. Innovate. We constantly improve our core products and turn a prescient eye to the industry. Explore new technologies and have fun finding the best tools. While Java is our predominant language, we use Scala, JavaScript, Python, and Clojure as well. Some other technologies we tried that stuck: Zookeeper, RabbitMQ, Angular.js, and Git. Mentor Junior Engineers in best practices Identify and implement process improvements Lead Technical Trainings Assist in the recruiting process What you should have for this role: Excellent coding and design skills. You make software that works and can be tested and maintained. BA/BS or advanced degree in Computer Science or similar field. 5+ years experience. SQL proficiency, particularly PostgreSQL, is nice. Job Type: Full-time Salary: $160,000.00 /year 	Senior Software Engineer - Ex Google Tech Startup	Custom Talent LLC	New York	NY	New York, NY	Indeed	Tue, 20 Oct 2015 22:15:27 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=cdee398c5ce43e89&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2z5Emk5rtcK32V96ndolMyJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke5e0s18i11j7
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Two Sigma operates a large OpenStack cloud, powering a large part of our development and research. This private cloud is growing dramatically, and adding new features to onboard new teams and workloads all the time. In addition, we are beginning to leverage Public Cloud infrastructure for select workloads. This is an exciting new area of growth and innovation in the firm. We are seeking talented engineers to help grow and extend our Cloud services. We are looking for motivated engineers to help design and implement the next generation Cloud in support of our large-scale research and trading systems. As a Cloud Engineer, you will be involved in: Rollout and operation of OpenStack cloud services; Monitoring and performance optimization of the cloud and virtual machines; Collaboration with key workload owners to identify and implement cloud service enhancements; Exposure to diverse research and trading use cases such as big data (e.g. Spark), logging (e.g. Graphite), and trading (e.g. market data); Architecture and implementation of compute environments in the Public Cloud; Working with our Security team to implement appropriate security safeguards for Public Cloud projects; Implementing tools to improve the user experience of working with our Cloud, including provisioning and monitoring; Participation in open-source development, including contributing code. Requirements Include: Strong programming and computer science skills. Experience in backend development in Python and/or Java preferred. Proficient working in Linux. Candidates with experience in one or more of the following are especially encouraged to apply: OpenStack, Amazon Web Services (EC2, S3, VPC, CloudFormation, etc), Google Compute Engine, Microsoft Azure, Ansible. 	Cloud Software Engineer	Two Sigma Investments, LLC.	New York	NY	New York, NY	Two Sigma Investments, LLC.	Fri, 16 Oct 2015 18:02:55 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=cbb8851e471961d8&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2z5Emk5rtcK32V96ndolMyJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke5e0s18i11j7
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	We are hiring full time multiple Software Engineers/ Computer Developers/Programmers/Analyst who are willing to relocate anywhere in USA and open to learn new generation Technologies. To qualify for this position Candidates must have: *3-5 years of hands on Industry experience including (entire Life Cycle) Design, Development, Testing and Implementation in Java/J2EE, Hadoop, UI technologies &amp; Software Tester. Understanding of Unix basics, XML fundamentals and programming. *Must have good understanding of software Development. * Nice to have any technical certification either in Oracle or Java Certification. *Bachelors or Masters Degree * Must be able to develop positive working relationships. * *Strong written and oral communications skills, must able to communicate clearly *Team Player We have multiple positions currently open for multiple locations: NY, NJ, MA, CT, PA, CA, IL, VA, MI, TX, NC, KS, CO, MN, SC, AZ. Relocation is provided. H1 Transfer is available. About US: Can you see yourself as part of an organization at the hub of innovation in the 21st century? Oxaliz Technologies, LLC (Oxaliz), an internationally-recognized leader in Technology and Management consulting, offers a dynamic and award-winning environment where opportunities for learning and career growth are limitless. Our people work hard, inspire each other and celebrate success. We meet the challenges of a competitive, evolving marketplace by remaining true to the values that underline our corporate culture. If you have a passion for excellence, a drive to achieve, and the desire to work with others who share it, you belong at Oxaliz. Please email or give me a call at 732-325-2151 to discuss more in details. We have multiple openings. Feel free to pass my information to your friends who might be looking out for full time jobs. We pay $1500 for referral fees. Job Type: Full-time Required experience: Java, J2EE, Oracle, SQL, Unix: 3 years Required education: Bachelor's 	Software Engineers/ Computer Developers/Programmers/Analyst	OXALIZ Technologies, LLC	New York	NY	New York, NY	Indeed	Tue, 27 Oct 2015 16:41:46 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=9b23adf3abdca59d&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2z5Emk5rtcK32V96ndolMyJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke5e0s18i11j7
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Requisition No.: 116747BR Subsidiary: eBay Marketplaces Primary Job Responsibilities: Designing and developing Automated Tests in Java, while utilizing and enhancing a best-of-breed test automation framework for eBay’s Homepage team. Job Requirements: Responsibilities Applicant will be responsible for the following tasks: Develop and execute automated tests in Java against eBay’s Engagement and Personalization multi-screen products Design and implement End-to-End and API-level tests for Java applications, testing infrastructure, batch processes, RESTful web services, and frontend User Experiences for both desktop and mobile web applications Develop and maintain automated test suites using ebay’s automation frameworks and tools, while contributing to their enhancement Collaborate with teams in Product Development, Product Management and Quality Engineering, as well as leads in Security, Accessibility, Availability and Load &amp; Performance domains Participate in the project’s scoping effort, identify dependencies and vulnerabilities, help plan work, track progress and provide mitigation and remediation actions for project risks Basic Qualifications BSc/BSEE (or higher) graduate in Computer Science or Software Engineering Minimum of 2+ years of experience in Quality Engineering and Java test automation Minimum of 2+ years of experience with automation tools and testing frameworks such as Selenium/WebDriver and TestNG/JSystem/JUnit. Experience with Website elements and technologies Applicant must have: o Good analytic skills with excellent troubleshooting and triage skills, having a system-view approach o Quick learner, highly motivated, creative, innovative o Team player, who also works well on his own on multiple products and projects o Excellent verbal and written communication and presentation skills in English Advantage SQL knowledge including complex query design, and familiarity with relational databases such as Oracle, MySQL, or SQLServer Familiarity with Linux/Unix operating systems Worked under Scrum or Agile SWLC methodologies Last Updated: 08/06/2015	Software Development Engineer in Quality	eBay Marketplaces	New York	NY	New York, NY	Ebay	Fri, 16 Oct 2015 13:41:55 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=2bb12b493a893ae7&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2z5Emk5rtcK32V96ndolMyJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke5e0s18i11j7
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	We are the leading source of intelligent information for the world's businesses and professionals, providing customers with competitive advantage. Intelligent information is a unique synthesis of human intelligence, industry expertise and innovative technology that provides decision-makers with the knowledge to act, enabling them to make better decisions faster. We deliver this must-have insight to the financial and risk, legal, tax and accounting, intellectual property and science and media markets, powered by the world's most trusted news organization. As SETs we use our ingenuity to create solutions that generate a ripple effect and positively impact our development groups across our businesses. We’ve needed to use C# to create libraries that enable UI automated testing of CEF3 applications using Selenium WebDriver and the White Automation Framework. We've used Ruby and RSpec for creating wrappers that integrate JMeter with an internally developed test automation framework. With Java, JUnit, and Mockito, we’ve extended JMeter’s Graphite Backend Listener and created samplers for XMPP over BOSH that leverage the Smack API. We’ve needed to use JavaScript, Jasmine/Karma for creating scripted Grafana dashboards to use in the Performance Testing framework that we are building. These are just some examples of what we’ve been involved with. But we’re just getting started. We have big plans and we’d like you to be a part of it. We are building a globally distributed team of software engineers (SET) that understand the value of developer testing in creating quality solutions for the customer. Why join us You have a passion for working in teams that are constantly seeking higher levels of excellence, quality, and simplification in everything they do. You enjoy working in a collaborative and supportive environment. You want to help shape the future of our Test Engineering organization. What we do We are software developers with a keen desire to improve product quality at the source. We build tools, libraries, and frameworks that other teams use to improve code quality and shorten release times. We partner with other developers to break down complex features and build them with testability in mind. We help improve existing code by creating unit and integration tests to enable its refactoring. Qualifications 3+ years of Object-Oriented development (with languages such as C#, Java, JavaScript, Ruby, Python…) 2+ years of hands-on TDD or unit testing experience. Experience using or contributing to Open Source testing frameworks/tools, (such as: xUnit, Karma/jasmine, RSpec, Cucumber, Selenium WebDriver, JMeter …) Experience with the concepts of mocks/stubs/fakes. Knowledge of various software design patterns. At Thomson Reuters, we believe what we do matters. We are passionate about our work, inspired by the impact it has on our business and our customers. As a team, we believe in winning as one - collaborating to reach shared goals, and developing through challenging and meaningful experiences. With over 60,000 employees in more than 100 countries, we work flexibly across boundaries and realize innovations that help shape industries around the world. Making this happen is a dynamic, evolving process, and we count on each employee to be a catalyst in driving our performance - and their own. As a global business, we rely on diversity of culture and thought to deliver on our goals. To ensure we can do that, we seek talented, qualified employees in all our operations around the world regardless of race, color, sex/gender, including pregnancy, gender identity and expression, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, disability, age, marital status, citizen status, veteran status, or any other protected classification under country or local law. Thomson Reuters is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer providing a drug-free workplace. Intrigued by a challenge as large and fascinating as the world itself? Come join us. To learn more about what we offer, please visit careers.thomsonreuters.com. More information about Thomson Reuters can be found on thomsonreuters.com. Job: Technology Development Family Group Primary Location: United States of America-New York-New York-USA-New York-3 Times Square Organization: Tech - F&amp;R Technology Operations Schedule: Full-time Education Level: None Job Type: Standard Shift: Day Job	Corp Tech - Senior Software Engineer (SET) - New York, NY	Thomson Reuters	New York	NY	New York, NY	Thomson Reuters	Thu, 29 Oct 2015 10:25:18 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=16bbefada960c674&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2z5Emk5rtcK32V96ndolMyJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke5e0s18i11j7
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	We are looking for a Software Engineer in Test. You will be responsible for designing and implementing development and test infrastructure. Also, the ideal candidate will create an automation framework utilizing technologies such as Selenium, Appium, and/or open source testing technologies. You will also work closely with product, enjoy an environment with a diverse set of technologies, and have the opportunity to work with a smart and collaborative team that still allows you to work independently and take ownership of your work. Primary responsibilities Build advanced automated functional and load test suites to exercise our Application. Architect and create an Automation Framework using Selenium, Appium, and/or open source technologies. Write and execute test cases for the overall platform, which includes Mobile, Internet enabled devices and Web browser testing with an emphasis on functionality and features of the product. Responsible for testing efforts which include end to end and user acceptance testing phases utilizing best practices in software testing agile methodologies. Ability to multi-task day-to-day activities and effectively identify issues in a variety of hardware and software environments. Perform and utilize testing techniques to troubleshoot hardware and software configuration issues. Work with and adapt our Continuous Integration environment to ensure a smooth and high quality release cycle in a fast paced Agile environment Required qualifications 2-3+ years test experience in web, internet or mobile technologies with a thorough knowledge of Agile principles and QA methodologies. Strong experience creating automation frameworks with open source technologies. Excellent coding skills in C, C++, Java, Scala, Ruby or Python. Load Testing using JMeter, Gatlin, Grinder, Siege or similar toolset Detailed oriented with excellent verbal and written skills. Understanding of web and mobile standards. Must be a highly technical, customer focused and motivated self-starter who is able to work individually and/or within a team. Degree in Computer Science, IS Engineering, or related field. Go to http://www.cmp.jobs to see more jobs.	Automation QA/ Software Engineer in Test	Capital Markets	New York	NY	New York, NY	CMP.jobs	Fri, 30 Oct 2015 11:28:36 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=99a1c441e203c97d&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2z5Emk5rtcK32V96ndolMyJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke5e0s18i11j7
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	The Company BuzzFeed is the social news and entertainment company, providing the most shareable breaking news, original reporting, entertainment, and video across the social web to our global audience of more than 200M. BuzzFeed is also redefining online advertising with social, content-driven publishing technology. BuzzFeed is headquartered in New York City, with additional offices in 16 cities in 10 countries across the world. The Job As a software engineer sitting with our Data Tribe, you’ll help build the next generation of data tools. The ideal candidate shares our belief that the right tools and data can empower our editors and producers to do amazing things they didn’t previously think possible. The overall mission of the team is helping the company learn how content works and performs no matter how it lives; you’ll be building flexible systems to support that. Because we produce content for a social web, you’ll build out integrations with external platforms to assist in data collection, build flexible systems to support all the different ways we can categorize/organize content, and develop and maintain tools for unifying and communicating data for audiences across the company. You have technical proficiency in Python or other high-level OO languages have experience with external platforms APIs (Facebook, Twitter, YouTube) are familiar with various DBs (mySQL, Redis, Mongo) value reliability and simplicity over performance value UX and craft elegant and intuitive interfaces identify opportunities to automate and build tools to make your team’s lives easier What you get in return A competitive compensation package (including equity) and benefits that start on day one A collaborative &amp; close-knit team: our team is NYC-based and in the office because as great as technology is, there are few substitutes for in-person collaboration Top of the line equipment and an office stocked with plentiful snacks, coffee, drinks and more A company that takes its work seriously, while taking ourselves not-so-seriously 	Software Engineer, Distributed Data	BuzzFeed	New York	NY	New York, NY	BuzzFeed	Mon, 19 Oct 2015 18:53:15 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=19e49631090003b9&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2z5Emk5rtcK32V96ndolMyJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke5e0s18i11j7
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Responsible for the design, development and implementation of applications following the full systems development lifecycle (SDLC). Functional Responsibilities: Responsible for detailed technical design and development of applications using existing and emerging technology platforms. Will have heavy customer interaction. Converts specifications about business problems into programming instructions. Designs and codes programs; creates test transactions and runs tests; revises as necessary. Conducts analysis of organizational needs and goals for the development and implementation of application systems. Monitors operating efficiency of existing application systems. Reviews, analyzes, and modifies programming systems, including encoding, testing, debugging and installing for a large scale system. Maintains records to document program development and revisions. Conducts analysis of organizational needs and goals for the development and implementation of application systems. Provides technical support to technical vendor resources. As appropriate; designs and codes business process models; designs and codes business rules and algorithms. Performs related duties as assigned or requested. Typical Experience: Degree in Computer Science, Information Systems or other related field. 5+ years of related work experience. Development experience in JAVA or .NET Excellent/strong communication skills Development experience with Oracle database is required ETL Development background with Informatica or other ETL tools is a plus Development experience with PostgreSQL is preferred Oracle Enterprise Data Quality development experience is a plus Business Category Global Technology &amp; Operations Number of Openings 1 Equal Employment Opportunity MetLife is a proud equal opportunity/affirmative action employer committed to attracting, retaining, and maximizing the performance of a diverse and inclusive workforce. It is MetLife’s policy to ensure equal employment opportunity without discrimination or harassment based on race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, disability, national origin, marital or domestic/civil partnership status, genetic information, citizenship status, uniformed service member or veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. How To Apply Mobile Users: If viewing on a mobile device and would like to apply, please email job to yourself and complete application from a desktop/laptop. Desktop/Laptop Users: For immediate consideration, click Apply Now button below. You will be directed to complete an on-line profile which takes 15 – 20 minutes to complete. Upon completion, you will receive an automated confirmation email verifying you have successfully applied to the job. APPLY NOW other positions YOU MAY BE INTERESTED IN Senior Technical Lead-SDE Sr. Systems Analyst - Informatica Power Center Customer Service Representative ll Lead Business Systems Analyst Principal Enterprise Infrastructure Engineer - Tivoli Workload Scheduler - Software Distribution and Scheduling Software Development Engineer II-Mainframe IT Vendor Specialist Assistant Output Processing Operator Sr CSR II	Sr Software Develop Engineer	MetLife GTO	Long Island City	NY	Long Island City, NY	MetLife GTO	Thu, 15 Oct 2015 14:10:27 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=6159590a1465a7ff&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2z5Emk5rtcK32V96ndolMyJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke5e0s18i11j7
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Position Summary The Software Engineer is responsible for providing internal support to the organization's program teams. The position will participate in coding, testing and maintenance activities, and solve complex technical issues. Essential Duties and Responsibilities Software &amp; Systems Management Designs and develops data-driven software for a robust web application with emphasis on efficiency, extensibility, and maintainability Modifies, supports and maintains multiple software applications / operating systems and functionalities Effectively documents both technical and functional designs and solutions Assists in testing phases of the software lifecycle in a variety of ways Proactively learns and utilizes new technologies, concepts, and procedures as appropriate to program requirements Client Relations &amp; Customer Service Facilitates and maintains positive, effective communication with end users, technical staff, and consultants on a regular basis Ensures high quality and consistent customer service to all parties Professional Development Develops and maintains an advanced knowledge in the field and industry, as well as organizational policies in order to properly represent the organization to all stakeholders Develops and maintains industry knowledge by seeking out educational workshops, classes, and related publications Supports ongoing communication to all appropriate staff as it pertains to initiatives and new / existing business Takes a proactive approach to improve business functions and workflow within the department Works in accordance with the organization's strategic goals and missions Skills and Abilities Required Experience with object oriented, data-driven design and development, focusing on efficiency, extensibility, and maintainability Strong grasp of data structures and algorithms Ability to contribute in all phases of the software lifecycle Ability to articulate concepts and ideas in a positive, clear, and professional manner to diverse audiences through verbal and written mediums Demonstrated ability to manage time effectively and successfully handle multiple concurrent obligations Proficiency in documenting and tracking requirements, specs, features, and bugs during development and after product release Flexible, resourceful, proactive and collaborative Ability to problem-solve and translate ambiguity / complexity into a simple and clear direction Other tasks and projects as assigned Computer Equipment and Software Experience Required Required: PHP, JavaScript, MySQL, HTML, CSS Preferred: Apache, C#, Visual Studios, ASP.NET , JQuery, Linux Desired: XML, Ajax, SSRS Education &amp; Experience Required Education: Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or related field required. Years of Experience: Minimum 3 years' relevant professional experience. Physical Demands of the Position Travel, work on weekends / holidays / evenings may be required. 	Software Engineer (NY)	Cultural Vistas	New York	NY	New York, NY	idealist.org	Thu, 29 Oct 2015 13:20:47 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=6624b878d146e579&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2z5Emk5rtcK32V96ndolMyJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke5e0s18i11j7
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Overview You'll be an integral part of a fast-moving tech team, focused on engineering the best customer experience imaginable. The tools we’re working on power the way our entire company operates, from the user experience on the web to the operational systems around logistics and order management. As an early member of this team, you’ll have a role in determining the process and scope for future projects, and be responsible for carrying these through to implementation. Key Responsibilities Design + develop new technical projects that interface with every single part of our business. Help scale our technology as the business grows, making sure we maintain &amp; improve upon our work. Work tirelessly to analyze and improve the speed &amp; stability of our website, and constantly evaluate the tools we use do to so. Collaborate with our operations team to build intricate systems around order management, inventory management, logistics, and shipping. Assist with developing ways to capture, analyze, and act upon data to improve our user experience and workflow. REQUIREMENTS Our ideal candidate is highly motivated, and able to manage their own time effectively. You should be very opinionated about the software you build and the tools you use, and be willing to debate the choices we make as a team (in the spirit of collaboration of course!). You should also have: 1-3 years of experience in a software engineering role, preferably in a start-up environment A degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or equivalent education Knowledge of Rails or another MVC web framework Proficiency with JavaScript (we use CoffeeScript) Proficiency with CSS (we use SASS) Experience working with PostgreSQL or another relational database is a plus Comfortable working with Unix command line tools and version-control tools like git Experience building and expanding web platforms through periods of high growth Experience in E-Commerce is a plus About Casper Casper (casper.com ( http://casper.com/ )) is an award-winning sleep startup that launched with an outrageously comfortable mattress sold directly to consumers — eliminating commission ­driven, inflated prices. The critically­ acclaimed sleep surface was developed in-house by a team of product engineers with experience from IDEO, has a sleek design, and is delivered right to your door in a small, “how did they do that?” sized box. Casper is one of the fastest growing consumer brands of all time, launching in April 2014 and earning $1M in revenue in its first 28 days. The company quickly struck a chord with consumers in a category that has stagnated for decades. In February 2015, it announced sales exceeding $20M in its first ten months. The company raised a $55M Series B investment led by IVP, bringing its total funding to $69.95M. Benefits: Competitive salary + equity Full health insurance Fitness benefits Open vacation policy Lots of free food and unlimited naps! 	Full Stack Software Engineer	Casper	New York	NY	New York, NY	Casper	Tue, 20 Oct 2015 18:53:47 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=a1c8e576da96d0bd&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2z5Emk5rtcK32V96ndolMyJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke5e0s18i11j7
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	The Sr. Engineer will engineer fun, engaging experiences for users of our unique game-driven approach to social personality sharing. The successful candidate will be an experienced developer with a strong passion for consumer-facing apps and/or games, and will work within a team of engineers in a positive, upbeat and data-driven environment to create apps that combine gameplay with data insights to produce a personality API for the Internet. The right candidate will also help craft and polish the back-end needed to support user flows, dialogs, and animations that create a visually compelling experience. We’re an Agile environment where your opinions will matter (and will be debated). You must enjoy a fast-paced, high-visibility, high-responsibility environment. You will be part of a small team that is working together to create and continuously improve the feature set, enjoyability and architecture of our app (and to be honest, you probably need to be a little nuts about creating perfectly-crafted apps to thrive here.) This is a small team looking for high-impact people who are equally maniacal about building amazing things. We’re located in SoHo, the center of design, art and fashion in New York and the world. Our Stack Python, Django, Objective-C, MySQL, NGINX, and AWS. Python: (Django, Boto, MySQLdb, PIL, bcrypt) iOS: (AFNetworking, iCarousel, the social APIs) We're building a mobile-web social network with technical challenges in personalization, recommendations, dynamic scoring, and product customization and messaging. Experience You’ve built large consumer systems for scalability and availability. You’ve played a leading role in the design, implementation and deployment of successful consumer apps. Some gaming experience a plus. Python expert with high quality production experience in building for smart and fast. You can lead and manage yourself and your own work, and have leadership potential. Background Three to five plus years experience. Computer Science / Engineering degree preferred. Minor or strong interest in Psychology, Humanities or the Social Sciences a plus. Go to http://www.cmp.jobs to see more jobs.	Senior Software Engineer (Python/Django)	Capital Markets	New York	NY	New York, NY	CMP.jobs	Fri, 30 Oct 2015 11:28:36 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=349c774cbf28493f&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2z5Emk5rtcK32V96ndolMyJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke5e0s18i11j7
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	About Us NBCUniversal is one of the world’s leading media and entertainment companies in the development, production, and marketing of entertainment, news, and information to a global audience. NBCUniversal owns and operates a valuable portfolio of news and entertainment television networks, a premier motion picture company, significant television production operations, a leading television stations group, and world-renowned theme parks. NBCUniversal’s policy is to provide equal employment opportunities to all applicants and employees without regard to race, color, religion, creed, gender, gender identity or expression, age, national origin or ancestry, citizenship, disability, sexual orientation, marital status, pregnancy, veteran status, membership in the uniformed services, genetic information, or any other basis protected by applicable law. Career Level Experienced Country United States State/Province New York City New York Responsibilities Job Purpose The NBCUniversal Digital Products and Interactive Media (DPIM) group is responsible for thedesign, implementation, and operations of NBCUniversal’s consumerfacingdigital products and experiences. Our group of product managers, software engineers, testers, and operations folksare based in New York City, Los Angeles, Belarus, India, and points in between. The DPIM team is seeking a Senior Software Engineer (FrontEnd) to build software solutions for NBCUniversal’s consumerfacing websites. This role requires wideranging web development skills, technical expertise in modern frontend technologies, and proficiency in building the theme layer of Content Management Systems. The Senior Software Engineer will work within the Software Engineering team, acting in a technical capacity to build out features from a backlog in an Agile software development environment. Responsibilities • Develop and maintain the theme layer of web applications • Build performant websites that conform to the latest industry standards and best practices • Manage source control and code deployment for a development environment • Create detailed technical specification documents • Contribute to coding practice discussions and reviews • Assist with educating and mentoring junior web developers • Accurately scope the time required for completing development tasks • Collaborate with designers, project managers, developers and site owners on technical projects Qualifications/Requirements Required technical and leadership skills: • Three or more (3+) years of professional experience working on a web engineering team • Strong fundamental understanding of both frontend and backend web development technologies • Expertise in Responsive Web Design best practices • Experience working on largescale,high traffic websites • Experience with Agile/Scrum methodologies (familiarity with Rally is a plus) • Team player with strong analytical, problemsolving and communication skills • Recommends new technologies that will benefit the team • Ability to work independently with little to no direction and multitask while remaining productive and conscious of timelines Languages and Technologies: • HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, and integrating with REST services • Experience with one/many JavaScript Frameworks/Platforms (preferably Angular, Ember, Backbone, React, Node.js) • Experience developing against CMS/Frameworks (preferably Drupal, Symfony, Twig) • Tools: Git (command line), Grunt/Gulp, Sass/Less, Chrome/Firefox Developer Tools, Familiarity with design tools (i.e. Adobe Illustrator, Photoshop) Eligibility Requirements • You must be authorized to work in the United States on a fulltime basis Desired Characteristics • Experience with Continuous Integration tools is a plus • Some history of open source contributions is a plus • Researches, recommends and implements technologies that will benefit the team • B.S. degree or higher in Computer Science is a plus	Senior Software Engineer (Front-End)	NBC Universal	New York	NY	New York, NY	NBC Universal	Mon, 26 Oct 2015 16:43:44 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=8014af992f29f996&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2z5Emk5rtcK32V96ndolMyJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke5e0s18i11j7
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Have you taken a broken system and made it good? Have you taken a good system and made it great? Have you taken a great system and made it purr like a baby ocelot? ZocDoc needs a Principal Engineer to drive our elite dev team toward an even brighter future. This role is for a highly experienced engineer with a tireless devotion to good system design across the entire stack. From data storage/retrieval/manipulation to consumer APIs and client template renderers, you’ll care deeply about all of it and push us toward perfection. We love our work and we need you to help us do it even better – that means mentoring your peers and being a thought leader for the whole team. What you'll do: Work closely with our product team to lead the implementation of new features and the evolution of Zocdoc’s core technology. Be accountable for the success of high-visibility projects and coordinate the technical efforts of a team working on concurrent projects. Work with senior ZocDoc technology leaders to conceptualize a vision for our platform and execute upon that vision. Mentor your team technically! We need someone who can really help engineers shine. What’s required: A passion for huge, scalable systems (i.e. you read HighScalability for fun) and stellar design (i.e. bad design makes you physically ill) Focus: Be able to follow a design through implementation and release. Insatiable attention to detail. If something works and you don’t know why, you should be A) alarmed and B) driven to investigate. Exhaustive understanding of inversion of control/dependency injection. You should be able to design, implement, and unit test a system with ease. Mentorship: Not satisfied with just getting the job done, you should really enjoy helping your peers hone their skills. What you'll get: A home at one of the best places to work in NYC 100% employer-covered health insurance Catered lunch every day in our sunlit SoHo office An incredible team of smart and supportive people The chance to build a better healthcare system 	Principal Software Engineer	ZocDoc	New York	NY	New York, NY	ZocDoc	Thu, 08 Oct 2015 07:16:30 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=a88e543fe6394a9e&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2z5Emk5rtcK32V96ndolMyJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke5e0s18i11j7
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Qualifications Outstanding engineering talent proven by past work (projects, open source contributions, superior academic results, etc) 4+ years of experience writing software with a strong command of object oriented principles Full-stack development experience (e.g. linux, rails, postgres) Degree in computer science (or equivalent) For iOS applicants: 2+ years experience building native iOS apps using Objective-C/C++ and Cocoa Touch For Android applicants: 2+ years experience with Java and Android SDK To apply please send the following in the body of an email to jobs@aplus.com Name, email address, phone number, year of graduation, school, degree and subject for each degree Personal url, linkedin url, github url, facebook id, twitter id; employer and title (if any) at last job before this Please tell us in one or two sentences about the most impressive thing that you have built or achieved Links to any web or mobile apps you've created When you would be available to start work Optionally, attach a resume and/or code samples 	Software Engineer	A Plus	New York	NY	New York, NY	A Plus	Fri, 30 Oct 2015 10:25:45 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=972e65809afab84a&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2z5Emk5rtcK32V96ndolMyJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke5e0s18i11j7
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	ARTSY JOBS OCT 21ST, 2015 10:29 PM You're an experienced full stack software engineer with an impressive track record in building complex distributed applications. You have experience with relational databases and document or key-value stores. You can show architect-level understanding of large systems in which you played an integral role. Throughout your career you have committed yourself to products over multiple releases and shipped software as an individual contributor or technical lead in a very strong team. You have participated in several open-source projects and maybe even maintained a few. You're passionate about beautiful code and inspiring products and are looking for an opportunity to build something that users love. OUR STACK Artsy has 35 services and applications in production. Check out our latest blog post about our tech stack. WHAT IS ARTSY? In a sentence, Artsy is like Pandora for the fine art world. Our goal: using artificial intelligence we want to make the traditionally closed-off and intimidating art world easily accessible to anyone with an Internet connection. We believe that by increasing access, we can expand the market and get more people educated and passionate about fine art. WHY WORK AT ARTSY? First and foremost, you will get to work with an amazing team. We invest an extraordinary amount of time finding the best possible people. This means we go through many candidates before making an offer, but as you know, five great engineers are better than a hundred good ones. High alignment between Artsy's business goals and user experience goals. The larger an audience we reach, the more we educate them, and the more we help them discover art they love, the better our business does, and the more we support our institutional partners and the artists they represent. There are no set hours or holidays, no pointless bureaucracy. Work whenever you want, wherever you want. That's the beauty of hiring world-class people, they deliver incredible results and are wonderful to work with — what else matters? The Netflix Culture slides do the best job of describing how we think about culture at Artsy. To create an awesome UX we employ cutting-edge technologies such as Node.js, Backbone.js, Coffeescript, Haml, Sass, Ruby on Rails, and MongoDB; but when we can't find a technology that does what we need… We write our own open-source projects and contribute them back to the community. We are solving very hard problems. To make art historically relevant recommendations, you can't rely on collaborative filtering alone. We do real-time search in 800 dimensional space (one dimension for every art historical category). We are also working on semantic search, fuzzy full-text search, visual similarity search, and high-resolution image tiling and security among others. At its core, Artsy is a technology company. In addition to the engineering team, both the CEO and COO have technical backgrounds (Computer Science from Princeton, and Mathematics from Columbia). Our ultimate goal is to create Artificial Intelligence with the qualities of the world's most omniscient art advisor. If Skynet ends up winning, at least it will have good taste : ). We have partnered with over 250 of the largest galleries in the world and several major art museums. No startup has ever come so close to unlocking this massive data set before. Our downtown Manhattan office has stunning 360 degree views of New York. You can see the horizon in all 4 directions, the iconic midtown and downtown skylines, the Hudson and East rivers. This is where we do Stand-up. We have super-value-add investors and advisors including: Peter Thiel, Jack Dorsey, Eric Schmidt, Joe Kennedy (CEO of Pandora), Charlie Cheever (Quora founder), Alexis O'Hanian (Reddit founder), Keith Rabois (COO Square), Founder Collective, Dave Morin (Path founder), Wendi Murdoch, Dasha Zhukova, and Thrive Capital. At Artsy, we are bringing art, science, design, and engineering together. Forgive the cliche, but there's no better way to say it: we want to change the world. If you want to change it with us, please drop us a line and include some links to what you've built: fsse@artsy.net. Artsy is an equal opportunity employer. We value a diverse workforce and an inclusive culture. We encourage applications from all qualified individuals without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, national origin, marital status, citizenship, disability, and veteran status. SHARE THIS ARTICLE	Full Stack Software Engineer	Artsy	New York	NY	New York, NY	Artsy	Thu, 22 Oct 2015 20:55:33 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=25c6d8af62f63671&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2z5Emk5rtcK32V96ndolMyJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke5e0s18i11j7
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	One of the largest drivers of growth in our industry is the transition of traditional media into the digital space. MediaMath prides ourselves with having the largest reach of any buying platform and the Engineering Supply Squad is who makes this possible. This team's projects span from building back-end interfaces to our partners who provide 80 billion requests daily, to building front-end UI’s in our TerminalOne portal that services thousands of advertisers. We're currently seeking a software engineer I in the area of backend service development. Key responsibilities for this role include but are not li mited to: Responsibilities: Develop software with robust coding for major components of large, mission critical, real-time distributed applications Participate in software design meetings and analyze user needs to determine technical requirements Write technical specifications based on conceptual design and stated business requirements. Support, maintain, and document software functionality Provide support for day-to-day operational work as needed Qualifications: BA/BS Degree in computer science, mathematics, or related field 1+ years of professional software development experience Experience with Programming Languages C++, Python, Javascript. Experience with Boost li brary is a plus Adequate C++ debugging skill on Li nux Comfortable working in a Li nux shell environment Experience in mobile and/or video development is a major plus Knowledge of multi-thread programing, as well as internet protocols: TCP/IP, HTTP, UDP Knowledge of following languages/technologies are plus: Node.js, GO, Lua, Python, Java, Redis, MongoDB, Cassandra, RabbitMQ, Kafka, StatsD, Console, Hadoop, MapReduce, NginX, ZeroMQ, AWS Strong analytical and problem solving skills Detail-oriented with excellent self-motivation, planning, documentation and communication skills MediaMath is a global technology company that's leading the movement to revolutionize traditional marketing and empowering marketers to unleash the power of goal-based marketing at scale, transparently across the enterprise. Our platform - TerminalOne Marketing Operating System - handles billions of transactions every hour and hundreds of millions of internet users every day, which means every solution must be built to scale. Our breakthroughs create new marketplaces and solve long-standing problems in an industry that is constantly evolving. Our engineers are building the leading technology platform to power the new digital marketing ecosystem, and we are looking for driven, curious innovators to join our team. In achieving their duties and responsibilities, MediaMath employees embody the Math Values of SPACE: Scalable Innovation, Performance, Accountability, Collaboration, and Empowerment. Options: Apply for this job online Apply Refer Email this job to a friend Email Refer a LinkedIn connection Share on your newsfeed	Backend Software Engineer	MediaMath	New York	NY	New York, NY	MediaMath	Tue, 20 Oct 2015 09:14:00 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=3c04e88e278f3692&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2z5Emk5rtcK32V96ndolMyJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke5e0s18i11j7
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	About Us NBCUniversal is one of the world’s leading media and entertainment companies in the development, production, and marketing of entertainment, news, and information to a global audience. NBCUniversal owns and operates a valuable portfolio of news and entertainment television networks, a premier motion picture company, significant television production operations, a leading television stations group, and world-renowned theme parks. NBCUniversal’s policy is to provide equal employment opportunities to all applicants and employees without regard to race, color, religion, creed, gender, gender identity or expression, age, national origin or ancestry, citizenship, disability, sexual orientation, marital status, pregnancy, veteran status, membership in the uniformed services, genetic information, or any other basis protected by applicable law. Career Level Experienced Country United States State/Province New York City New York Responsibilities Job Purpose The NBCUniversal Digital Products and Interactive Media (DPIM) group is responsible for the design, implementation, and operations of NBCUniversal’s consumerfacing digital products and experiences. Our group of product managers, software engineers, testers, and operations folks are based in New York City, Los Angeles, Belarus, India, and points in between. The DPIM team is seeking a Principal Software Engineer (FrontEnd) to build software solutions for NBCUniversal’s consumerfacing websites. This role requires wideranging web development skills, technical expertise in modern frontend technologies, and proficiency in building the theme layer of Content Management Systems. The Principal Software Engineer will work within the Software Engineering team, acting in a technical capacity to build out features from a backlog in an Agile software development environment. Responsibilities • Architect the theme layer of web applications • Build performant websites that conform to the latest industry standards and best practices • Manage source control and code deployment for a development environment • Create detailed technical specification documents • Lead coding practice discussions and reviews • Lead the education and mentoring of junior web developers • Accurately scope the time required for completing development tasks • Collaborate with designers, project managers, developers and site owners on technical projects Qualifications/Requirements Required technical and leadership skills: • Five or more (5+) years of professional experience working on a web engineering team • Strong fundamental understanding of both frontend and backend web developmenttechnologies • Expertise in Responsive Web Design best practices • Must have experience working on largescale, hightraffic websites • Experience with Agile/Scrum methodologies (familiarity with Rally is a plus) • Experience with Continuous Integration tools • Team leader with strong analytical, problemsolving and communication skills • Implements new technologies that will benefit the team • Ability to work independently with little to no direction and multitask while remainingproductive and conscious of timelines Languages and Technologies: • HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, and integrating with REST services • Expertise in one/many JavaScript Frameworks/Platforms (preferably Angular, Ember,Backbone, React, Node.js) • Experience developing against CMS/Frameworks (preferably Drupal, Symfony, Twig) • Tools: Git (command line), Grunt/Gulp, Sass/Less, Chrome/Firefox Developer Tools, Familiarity with design tools (i.e. Adobe Illustrator, Photoshop) Desired Characteristics • Established history of open source contributions is a plus • B.S. degree or higher in Computer Science is a plus	Principal Software Engineer (Front‐End)	NBC Universal	New York	NY	New York, NY	NBC Universal	Fri, 23 Oct 2015 22:31:42 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=3394d3c3e228a1fe&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2z5Emk5rtcK32V96ndolMyJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke5e0s18i11j7
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	POSITION SUMMARY The Simons Foundation is seeking a Software Engineer to fill a full-time position in its informatics team. This position provides the potential to make significant contributions to the advancement of autism and neurosciences research by designing, building and maintaining software and databases for use by scientists in the analysis of very large collections of genetic, phenotypic and imaging data. S/he will report directly to the Lead Software Engineer, who oversees all software development and maintenance efforts at the Foundation. ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS/RESPONSIBILITIES Design, build and maintain software and databases for the query, analysis and display of phenotypic, genetic and imaging data Work closely with other software engineers and data analysts both inside and outside the Foundation Work closely with administrative and scientific staff within the Foundation Coordinate software development and maintenance efforts with those of the Simons Center for Data Analysis Participate in open source software development efforts that are aligned with Foundation priorities MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS: Education: Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in Computer Science or related field Experience: Experience with and desire to learn a variety of software languages— such as Python, Java and JavaScript—and integrated development environments is required Experience with C++ and R is desirable Familiarity with academic and open source software development environments is desirable. Knowledge of large and/or complex data sets, such as clinical and genomics data, is desirable. The Simons Foundation is an Equal Opportunity Employer, M/F/D/V. Apply Here: http://www.Click2apply.net/w46rvr3h8n Type: Full-time.	Software Engineer	Simons Foundation	New York	NY	New York, NY	diversityjobs.com	Tue, 20 Oct 2015 05:01:13 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=ffb1a90641efbf4e&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2z5Emk5rtcK32V96ndolMyJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke5e0s18i11j7
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Most companies do a poor job of interviewing and hiring top talent: interviews are disorganized or repetitive, hiring decisions are made based entirely on "gut feel," and spammy messages fill the inboxes of hot prospects. Greenhouse helps companies get organized, make data-backed hiring decisions, and find top talent without the spam. We have an enterprise product that works, big-name paying customers (Airbnb, Pinterest and Buzzfeed are just a few) and a huge potential market. We’re VC-backed and growing like wildfire. Greenhouse is looking to hire a Senior Full-Stack Engineer. Every engineer at Greenhouse is truly full-stack and owns individual features end-to-end, and there’s a lot to own: Greenhouse is a complex platform with a tremendous amount of functionality. During your first year at Greenhouse you will: Apply functional &amp; OO programming techniques to build high-quality and reusable services in Ruby Write reusable Javascript libraries, responsive SASS, and semantic HTML Architect complex relational models &amp; optimize PostgreSQL Define RESTful web services Help us figure out our distributed micro-services strategy based on SOA/EDA principles Deploy to prod at least once a week Mentor junior/mid-level engineers You should have: Degree in CS or related field Solid Javascript fundamentals Experience with Ruby or experience with another dynamically typed programming language Experience with Rails or another web based MVC framework Interest in solving real-world business problems Pay, Perks &amp; Such At Greenhouse, we take care of our employees. We provide competitive salaries, stock options and a full slate of benefits including health coverage, an FSA, a 401K plan and pre-tax commuter benefits. We also have a flexible vacation policy and sponsor seasonal sports leagues (kickball fans rejoice!). Perks include catered lunches on Mondays, fully-stocked pantries and great desk gear to help you get your job done. We pride ourselves on company get-togethers like Feelings Fridays and our quarterly All Hands meetings, which reinforces our culture of collaboration and connectivity. Most of us are located in our NYC headquarters in Union Square, and we’ve got a pretty stellar team out in San Fran as well. We're transforming the way companies hire. We're also on quite the hiring spree ourselves. Since its founding in 2012, Greenhouse has doubled in size every six months. We’ve grown our customer base by 500% in the last year alone and also raised $60MM from top VC firms to help fuel our hyper-growth. Greenhouse’s core values and culture are built around being effective, authentic, customer-focused, open-minded, collaborative, and ambitious. Every Greenhouse employee has a direct impact on the growth and direction of our business. Our founding philosophy is to empower ourselves and each other to do the best work of our careers.	Senior Full Stack Software Engineer	Greenhouse	New York	NY	New York, NY	Greenhouse	Sun, 11 Oct 2015 10:59:00 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=564a95fb6ec5eb9e&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2z5Emk5rtcK32V96ndolMyJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke5e0s18i11j7
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	At Betterment, you’re going to: Build things people love. Our goal is to delight our customers whenever possible. Sleek design, simple user experience, and access to sophisticated advice. Solve “impossible” problems. Take your ideas to the next level right away. We experiment, iterate, learn, and repeat. Collaborate, with purpose. You’ll work in small groups with other talented thinkers and figure out how to make Betterment’s revolutionary software even better. Gain trust through transparency. We believe in taking the guesswork out of investing. That means a consistent experience for our customers — you’ll build the tools to make it possible. We already have the best UX in the business. Let’s make it even better. Create efficiency. Our software helps customers save time and money. We maintain it through clean code, pragmatic programming, and lean engineering. Work with people who care. Half of our team is made up of engineers, but we believe everyone at Betterment is an engineer with their own tools. We’re a group of talented professionals who pride ourselves on what we do. We’re smart, innovative, energetic, and lots of fun. About the role: You'll work on a meaningful project that focuses on your area of interest and strength. Whether its working on our backend applications that engineer and power our trading and automation software or sitting side-by-side with user experience and product management to craft our consumer facing applications. You will have a real opportunity to leverage the long hours of studying and code slinging to solve real world complex problems. We are looking for engineers to help us tackle these problems and build software that is changing peoples lives. In order to be effective: Have experience in at least one server-side language - Ruby, Java, C#, C++, Python. Have prior internship experience at a start-up or similar Have a BS, MS in Computer Science, Engineering or related field Have a strong command of fundamental algorithms and data structures Have a passion for software engineering, and for creating what doesn’t exist Know how to make the tradeoffs required to ship without compromising quality Realize that automated tests are a worthwhile investment Appreciate agility and pragmatism in software development Come join us 	Software Engineer - New Grad	Betterment LLC	New York	NY	New York, NY	Betterment LLC	Thu, 08 Oct 2015 15:29:58 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=d46429c5032df43a&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2z5Emk5rtcK32V96ndolMyJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke5e0s18i11j7
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	*** This position will be located in Pittsburg, PA. With relocation offered *** Remote work option available. We're looking for a JavaScript/ Web Engineer for Fast Growing Startup joining the team responsible for building the next generation of the platform and design to deliver immersive and distinctive 3D content in a web browser. .On any given day you may be writing a new REST service endpoint and then on another, building a user interface that delights customers and makes them smile. In short, you are a proud engineering generalist who can deftly traverse between the various layers of our technology stack. Skills &amp; Requirements QUALIFICATIONS JS Ninja, you know what a JS closure, scope is. A firm grasp of Computer Science fundamentals including object oriented design, data structure, algorithm design, problem solving and complexity analysis. Skilled at traversing existing code, addressing issues that need immediate attention balanced against long-term refactoring needs, business needs and code quality goals. Experience balancing short-term vs. long-term needs, business and customer needs, quality, and time to market. Willing and able to push back when appropriate to do the right thing Working knowledge of cross platform/browser compatibility issues (IE, Firefox, Safari, and Chrome). BONUS POINTS Experience working with a RESTful LAMP stack. Ability to challenge and push back : ) About Buzz Technologies Buzz is the fastest growing hiring platform that helps busy companies and job-seekers find and fill jobs -- fast. With placement rates over 77%, our peer-to-peer approach using seasoned experts across multiple industries evaluates candidates 5X faster with savings up to 40% versus traditional recruiting. Buzz takes the time, hassle, and cost out of job search, recruiting, and placement. Immediately see the difference in your efforts--guaranteed! \	Software Engineer, Web/JavaScript	Buzz Technologies	Jersey City	NJ	Jersey City, NJ	StackOverflow Jobs	Sun, 08 Nov 2015 10:14:07 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=ad45bf330b5bc8de&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa3APUfCetqy00sScpYQ57pZJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke5in018dr7qp
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	MediaMath’s QA &amp; Test Engineering team is a motivated, well rounded, technically savvy group thrives on the challenge of finding defects in well written code. Our engineers write such high quality code that finding the root bugs is difficult, which keeps the job interesting and new every day. Much of the testing, verification, and validation is done using automated scripts written in Python, but we are always open to improving our methods. The team is built on three main values: trust, communication, and respect. With these three values in the place, the team is empowered to encourage and challenge each other to better their testing processes and bring new tools to the table. The Quality Assurance team is seeking a Software Engineer in Test. The ideal candidate will have a good understanding of the web industry, and have the ability to create test plans and test cases, track and report defect in an efficient manner. The candidate will join a highly talented and relentlessly innovative team of engineers, product managers, ad industry experts, and account management professionals, and should be comfortable contributing in a group setting that promotes the free exchange of ideas. Responsibilities: Responsibilities include searching for, investigating, reporting, and tracking software defects. Duties will include full system and regression testing of software builds. Collaborate with developers and architects to draft test plans and test cases. We are seeking a quick learner, a great team player who is adaptable, and able to work independently. Design and document test plans, test cases, scripts, or procedures. Build and execute manual and automated test cases in an Agile environment. Document and report software defects, using a bug tracking system (JIRA) Install and configure testing environments Conduct historical analyses of test results. Responsible for performing black box and white box testing on a daily basis. Collaborate with Product Managers and the Engineering team to review &amp; accept the requirements. Experience in cross browser and cross platform testing (Windows, Mac) Experience with Python scripting is preferred Provide test status updates to QA Director and cross-functional development teams. Qualifications: Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, or equivalent experience. At least 2 years of experience conducting quality assurance analysis for client-server and server-to-server application testing. Must have experience testing HTML UIs, RESTful APIs, and SQL backends. Must be proficient with analyzing HTTP requests and responses using Chrome Dev Tools and/or Firebug. Must be comfortable with basic shell scripting in a Unix environment. Experience creating test harnesses and tools is a plus. Experience creating and running automated tests with SAHI Pro or Selenium is a plus. Experience testing single-page web applications is a plus MediaMath is a global technology company that's leading the movement to revolutionize traditional marketing and empowering marketers to unleash the power of goal-based marketing at scale, transparently across the enterprise. Our platform - TerminalOne Marketing Operating System - handles billions of transactions every hour and hundreds of millions of internet users every day, which means every solution must be built to scale. Our breakthroughs create new marketplaces and solve long-standing problems in an industry that is constantly evolving. Our engineers are building the leading technology platform to power the new digital marketing ecosystem, and we are looking for driven, curious innovators to join our team. In achieving their duties and responsibilities, MediaMath employees embody the Math Values of SPACE: Scalable Innovation, Performance, Accountability, Collaboration, and Empowerment. Options: Apply for this job online Apply Refer Email this job to a friend Email Refer a LinkedIn connection Share on your newsfeed	Software Engineer in Test	MediaMath	New York	NY	New York, NY	MediaMath	Tue, 20 Oct 2015 09:13:00 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=e6a259fe55bb61e0&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa3APUfCetqy00sScpYQ57pZJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke5in018dr7qp
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Senior Software Engineer - Mail User Interfaces Our system is built on top of Open Source, commercial and proprietary technologies. This highly available, large-scale distributed system includes a comprehensive storage and search infrastructure, real-time email transport and delivery pipeline, real-time classification engine for user-based and machine learning-based tagging, APIs for integration with other applications and systems, as well as a feature-rich and powerful user-interface optimized for our specialized customers. The Mail team is looking for application builders, who have basic experience in C++ or C and Java, preferably with some experience with Javascript, and have a passion for working on user interfaces. The developer joining this team will have the opportunity to work on completely changing the user experience of one of the most used facets of the Bloomberg Terminal, which will change the way Wall Street communicates on a daily basis. Qualifications: 3+ years of professional software development Passion for working with and iterating on UI Knowledge of C++ or C and Java in Linux, UNIX, or AIX environments Pluses: Comfortable working with Javascript Experience working on Mail products Knowledge of high-transaction rate systems Basic knowledge of SQL or NoSQL databases The Company: Bloomberg, the global business and financial information and news leader, gives influential decision makers a critical edge by connecting them to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas. The company's strength - delivering data, news and analytics through innovative technology, quickly and accurately - is at the core of the Bloomberg Professional service, which provides real time financial information to more than 315,000 subscribers globally. Bloomberg's enterprise solutions build on the company's core strength, leveraging technology to allow customers to access, integrate, distribute and manage data and information across organizations more efficiently and effectively. Through Bloomberg Law, Bloomberg Government, Bloomberg New Energy Finance and Bloomberg BNA, the company provides data, news and analytics to decision makers in industries beyond finance. And Bloomberg News, delivered through the Bloomberg Professional service, television, radio, mobile, the Internet and three magazines, Bloomberg Businessweek, Bloomberg Markets and Bloomberg Pursuits, covers the world with more than 2,400 news and multimedia professionals at more than 150 bureaus in 73 countries. Headquartered in New York, Bloomberg employs more than 15,000 people in 192 locations around the world.	Senior Software Engineer - Bloomberg Mail User Interfaces	MSH Group	New York	NY	New York, NY	MSH Group	Fri, 06 Nov 2015 07:53:22 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=ca5374ce91655e19&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa3APUfCetqy00sScpYQ57pZJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke5in018dr7qp
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	We’re small enough you can own something and have a direct impact, but big enough that you don’t have to do it alone. We care deeply about quality and doing the right thing, but have a strong focus on business value and time to market – and believe that focusing on the first part enables the second. Developers have technical management (who are technical and write code), as well as direct access to business, product, and operations (and they have access to us). Lastly, our Sr. Engineers have lots of empowerment and freedom of action (but we don’t water down our responsibilities or expectations). Some tools we use: oGIT, Maven, TeamCity, JIRA, Confluence, Crucible, Intellij, Redis oSome practices we’ve adopted: TDD / unit-testing, continuous integration, code-reviews, Scrum oThings we’re working on: cloud-computing, event-driven IO, self-healing systems, analytic databases oWe like open source: Spring, Hadoop (we run the NYC Hadoop Meetup), Jetty, Linux, Memcache oDevelopers get fast boxes, with multiple monitors, and can choose Windows or Linux oWe keep a library of technical books (several hundred) and haven’t had problems buying additions What you’ll need: oIndependence and strong ownership of business problems and their technical solutions oExcellent problem solving and critical thinking oStrong communication and inter-personal skills oMastery of algorithms, data structures and performance oExperience in performance optimization (CPU, Memory, IO) and high-scale ( &gt;500 req / sec) oExperience with open source projects and tools (e.g. apache projects, maven, Spring, tomcat / glassfish) oExperience with Agile, tight interaction with business and operations (DevOps) oExperience with automated testing (TDD, Mocking, Unit / Functional / Integration) oExpert knowledge of Internet technologies and protocols oExpert knowledge of the Java language, platform, ecosystem and underlying concepts and constructs oKnowledge of common design patterns (IoC, GoF – not J2EE Pattern Library) oBS in Computer Science, Mathematics, or Engineering (or professional experience) What we value as a team: oCode built for Performance and Scale oSolid engineering practices (e.g. design patterns, automated testing, fault-tolerant systems, KISS) oLeveraging Open Source oAgile development and tight interaction with business / operations oAutomated testing oDevelopers who can navigate around a Linux box oPassion, technical expertise, and personal accomplishment oRolling up your sleeves and getting things done Go to http://www.cmp.jobs to see more jobs.	Senior Software Engineer (Java | AdTech)	Capital Markets	New York	NY	New York, NY	CMP.jobs	Fri, 30 Oct 2015 11:28:37 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=be8d986c81c43945&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa3APUfCetqy00sScpYQ57pZJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke5in018dr7qp
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Shutterstock is looking for top technologists to join our team and help drive the future of our platform. You will be working with highly motivated and extremely talented engineers on backend services with quality, performance and scale in mind at every step of the way. Our core belief is that the customers are our number one priority so we work hard to deliver value back to them with everything we do. We believe strongly in team ownership of systems, which includes defining the vision of the services to prioritization of projects. Responsibilities: Contributing to all aspects of the services under the team’s ownership, which includes design, implementation, refactoring, automated testing, deployment, and uptime of the services. Helping other team members grow as engineers through code review, pairing, and mentoring. Improving internal team processes by keeping what's working, throwing away what's not. Setting the vision of the services under the team's ownership. Aligning roadmap based on customer and company desires. Building the technology the right way: for us, this means simple, well-tested systems that gradually grow over time, and that provide plenty of insight into production performance. Requirements: Full-Stack software development experience using html, JavaScript and CSS Very strong knowledge of how the Web works and how to make it efficient (HTTP, caching, page rendering, etc) Experience building and designing highly scalable services, and RESTful API’s that power multiple consumers. Experience with SOA architecture working on distributed/high trafficked systems. Understanding of datastores including relational and NoSQL based. Ability to craft simple and elegant solutions to complex problems. Solid software development fundamentals (Data Structures, algorithms, problem solving, OO Design, and system architecture). Passionate about what you do and care deeply about the things you build. Able to clearly communicate to technical and non-technical audiences. Experience programming in at least one OO language Has a good understanding of continuous delivery, writing unit tests and automated testing. 3-5 years of relevant experience BS or MS degree in Computer Science or related experience Bonus Skills: Node.js web development experience Experience with automated configuration tools like Puppet, Chef or Ansible Experience building event-driven or message-driven architecture using tools like RabbitMQ and Kafka. Experience working in an agile environment ​ To see some of our featured Open Source projects go to: http://tec h.shutters tock.com	Software Engineer	Shutterstock	New York	NY	New York, NY	Shutterstock	Thu, 08 Oct 2015 17:20:59 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=1cb9b59022f117ee&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa3APUfCetqy00sScpYQ57pZJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke5in018dr7qp
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	We’re looking for innovative engineers interested in building and enhancing the components that our advertising platform relies on. As a DevOps Software Engineer, you will be responsible for leading the design and implementation of improvements made to our complex system. About the Team Our team provides tools that enable easy, fast, and continuous evolution of the AppNexus platform. Developers working on the applications that make up the platform use DevOps’ tools to release their changes into the production system. On a typical workday, multiple developers will deploy their applications to production a total of 50 to 100 times. Developers perform these deployments independently; we are not concerned with their timing. Our responsibility is to ensure that the tools are available, perform well under high load, and are easy to use. About the Job Consider some of the sample challenges we tackle every day: High Visibility: Managing the AppNexus infrastructure has an impact across the entire company, including the executives, who depend directly on our team’s success to do their jobs High Volume: Clients depend on AppNexus to make money. When certain parts of our system go down, our clients may stop making money entirely until the components come back online. Thus, our tools must be able to sustain global deployments at 100% concurrency across thousands of servers The fast growth of the programmatic advertising market, plus the even higher growth of AppNexus means there is a constant stream of problems that require innovative thinking and innovative software development. Per engineer, the amount of responsibility is exceedingly high, which means you would have ample opportunity to make important decisions, and learn from the successes and failures of those decisions About Your Skills BA/BS degree expected in 2016 in Computer Science, Computer Engineering or a related field Experience with writing software for production systems during previous internships Experience with cross-functional teamwork Experience with or interest in learning how to work with customers to understand their needs, and present solutions that solve their problems Familiarity with automation tools, such as Puppet and Chef is a plus Familiarity with Python is a plus Familiarity with JavaScript is a plus Interest in systems, software packaging, automation tools and operating systems are all a plus More About You You are passionate about a culture of learning and teaching. You love challenging yourself to constantly improve, and sharing your knowledge to empower others You like to risks when looking for novel solutions to complex problems. If faced with roadblocks, you continue to reach higher to make greatness happen You care about solving big, systemic problems. You look beyond the surface to understand root causes so that you can build long-term solutions for the whole ecosystem You believe in not only serving customers, but also empowering them by providing the knowledge and tools About our University Program: Significant impact: Projects are designed specifically for you to fit your interests and skills. Shape your own role and be a part of the team that is building bold solutions to some of today’s most exciting business and technical challenges. Campus community : You will join a class of campus hires who will all start at AppNexus on the same day. We’ll also host lots of social events for you to get to know your class and the campus classes from years past! Robust onboarding : You will ramp up alongside your class. Your first week will be spent with your class attending AppNexus University. Learn the ins and outs of one of the fastest growing industries and what it means to be an AppNexian. Career development opportunities: AppNexus offers a variety of internally-developed learning sessions, customized workshops, and professional development programs to help you strengthen your potential, develop new skills, and grow your own career. Regular access to industry events: The AppNexus New York “Razzle Dazzle” space hosts regular events featuring the brightest minds from technology, media and business. Pick and choose from series like Career Corners and Fireside Chats with some of the most notable names in tech. And, of course, free food: Our office has a fully stocked kitchen featuring healthy and tasty snacks, drinks, and coffee throughout the day. On “Family Lunch Fridays” AppNexus provides free lunch for the company. Want to know more about AppNexus? Explore the links below to learn about our values, why we like to work here, and how we hire.	Software Engineer, DevOps (2016 Graduates Only)	AppNexus	New York	NY	New York, NY	AppNexus	Mon, 26 Oct 2015 08:57:00 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=ead5b78559789955&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa3APUfCetqy00sScpYQ57pZJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke5in018dr7qp
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Go to http://www.cmp.jobs to see more jobs.	Data Mining - Software Engineer (Python)	Capital Markets	New York	NY	New York, NY	CMP.jobs	Fri, 30 Oct 2015 11:28:36 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=9794e20a7da87ff1&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa3APUfCetqy00sScpYQ57pZJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke5in018dr7qp
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Our client, a digital technology company is seeking a Senior Back-end Engineer for their office located in Manhattan. Responsibilities: 4+ years of backend/systems development, ideally in the context of web applications. Experience building reliable, robust, and scalable systems. Experience with Object-Oriented programming and design (Java, C#, C++).	Software Engineer, Back-end	Coda Search	Manhattan	NY	Manhattan, NY	Coda Search	Fri, 30 Oct 2015 17:12:36 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=c447abd6fca430e5&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa3APUfCetqy00sScpYQ57pZJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke5in018dr7qp
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Serve as technical lead/architect on eCommerce implementation projects for our high profile clients Java Software Engineer (eCommerce) – PERM – New York, NY My client is seeking a technical leader who can lead this group to greater heights, while earning the respect of engineers and clients through significant contribution to enterprise development deliverables. Java Software Engineer Summary &amp; Skills: Specializing in the digital commerce field and building award winning commerce sites and experiences on top of standard enterprise platforms such as SAP-hybris, Demandware and Adobe Experience Manager. Key responsibilities: Serve as technical lead/architect on eCommerce implementation projects for our high profile clients or on internal research projects. In this role, you will balance team technical growth development and project success accountability by mentoring them and assigning good mix of tasks that allow the team to contribute and grow to become future technical leads. Member of our Technical Advisory Panel and participate in thought leadership discussion, evaluating adjacent technology with CTO that charts the future direction of the company. Screen and recruit local new members and part of performance review process for the technical team Become a trusted advisor to our clients, acting as their go-to resource for technical and strategic advice. Assist our pre-sales team in winning new clients, and responding to RFPs and RFIs. Key Requirements: Core Java with exposure to both Spring and OSGI frameworks. Web development experience, including JavaScript, HTML and CSS. Database experience with SQL and a variety of major database vendors and solutions, including ORM solutions like Hibernate. SOAP/XML/JSON and other common data exchange formats. Web Service consumption and development experience. Solid *nix OS and OS X command line skills, including git. Successful track record as a technical lead or architect on multiple enterprise grade software delivery projects, with a strong preference for experience in the eCommerce domain. Passionate about producing and ensuring the highest quality code, including measuring quality and deliverables, while respecting software as a craft. Passion for contributing to a culture of learning and experience developing highly skilled teams of software developers to reach technical and developmental goals, while ensuring projects are realistic, interesting and fun - for everyone involved. Dedication to client success and satisfaction. Can explain the difference between Continuous Integration and Continuous Deployment, and other SDLC strategies. Follow us on our BLOG to see more jobs like this: http://ny.vereduscorp.com/ Why Veredus? Candidates work with a professional Recruiter whose average experience is eight years in the industry. That means they have intimate knowledge of the Information Technology industry and market trends - who is in demand now and who will be next. Your Veredus Recruiter will lead you through a thorough screening process in order to understand your skills, experience, needs, and desires. They also counsel their candidates in resume writing, interviewing, and career planning so when there’s a position you really want, you’re fully prepared to get it. Additionally, if the position is a consulting opportunity Veredus provides full benefits starting Day 1, and at virtually no cost to you. Medical Dental Vision 401K Life Insurance ($20,000 benefit) ATOP - Accrued Time Off Program Consultant Lunches and Outings Consultant Web-Site Name Plates Care packages/Survival packs Dedicated Consulting Services Representative Veredus has been recognized as one of the “Best Staffing Firms to Work For” by Staffing Industry Analysts the last 3 years in a row. Nervous about an upcoming interview Want to be as prepared as possible Click on the link below and you will have access to the Veredus Interview Prep Video - culled from hundreds of years of collective experience in preparing candidates for that all important job interview: http://vereduscorp.com/career-center/ Veredus Corporation is an EEO/Affirmative Action Employer M/F/D/V. Drug testing may be required; please contact Recruiter for more information.	Java Software Engineer (eCommerce)	Veredus	New York	NY	New York, NY	Veredus	Fri, 30 Oct 2015 09:56:37 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=381f8573a0e088da&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa3APUfCetqy00sScpYQ57pZJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke5in018dr7qp
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	New York/New Jersey Salary: $110K - $120K Base / 10% Bonus Position ID: MVS15090STK Essential Functions Perform software translations for Avayas Aura suite of solutions. Includes SIP and ISDN trunk provisioning, phone set review and creation, dial plans designs, SIP solution integration, and voicemail integration. Deploy new solutions on hardware servers and work with customers VMWare teams for virtualized deployments. Work in a team environment with other skillsets brought in to assist when appropriate; specialization in one or more systems and request resources of other team members for solutions outside your areas of expertise. Working with co-workers from around the country, remotely and onsite when needed, and many subcontractors – ability to learn others strengths, weaknesses, and limitations is essential. Keep focus on the end goal while documenting your time spent and grow your tools and techniques for working with Avaya offerings as well as DevConnect and other 3rd party solutions. Provide cutover support as needed and assist in trouble shooting; occasional travel including overnight on occasion for project cutover and Day-1 support onsite. Excellent remote support professional needed – it is expected that the majority of your planning and preparation work would be performed remotely; focus is on end results over simply showing up. Required Qualifications 2-Year College degree in data networking / CIS or equivalent industry experience. 4 or more years of complex software deployment experience (Avaya CM, SMGR, SBC, AAM,etc). Knowledge of Avaya Aura suite of products in detail and some VMware is required. Experience with NICE/Calabrio/Enghouse CTI integrated systems is preferred (via Avaya AES). Experience with Avaya Aura Messaging and Communication Manager Messaging preferred. Proficient with Avaya Provision translation management software is preferred. Solid understanding of network fundamentals including ISDN, SIP, H323, and IP networking is required. Familiarity with Avaya DCS and QSIG implementations preferred for a solid foundation to grow. Experience with routing protocols, VLANs, Layer 3 switching, PoE, DHCP, and other data network components is strongly preferred. Experience with call centers from design through implementation and troubleshooting including Avaya CMS / Task experience is strongly preferred. Excellent problem solving, organizational, verbal/written communication skills are required. Public speaking experience such as giving technical presentations to groups is preferred. Desired Qualifications Proficient with Putty, Avaya Site Admin, Microsoft Word, Excel, Outlook, and Visio is required. ACA, ACIS, CCNA, CCNP, CCIE and other manufacturers certifications preferred. Travel Approximately 20% travel may be required.	Software Engineer	Winonasearchgroup	New York	NY	New York, NY	CareerBuilder	Sun, 08 Nov 2015 02:12:40 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=f600e356e4db76c6&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa3APUfCetqy00sScpYQ57pZJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke5in018dr7qp
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	American Express is embarking on an exciting transformation driven by an energetic new team of high-performers. This group is nimble and creative with the power to shape our technology and product roadmap. If you have the talent and desire to deliver innovative payment products and services at a rapid pace, serving our customers seamlessly across physical, digital, mobile, and social media, join our transformation team! You will be part of a fast-paced, entrepreneurial team responsible for delivering a world class Cardmember across multiple channels, including native iOS, Android, web, social integration, java services, and APIs. You will be challenged with identifying innovative ideas and proof of concept to deliver against the existing and future needs of our customers. Responsibilities Serving as a core member of an agile team that drives user story analysis and elaboration, designs and develops software applications, and builds automation tools for testing Owning all technical aspects of software development for assigned applications; Performing hands-on architecture, design, and development of systems Performing hands-on software and strategy development, typically spending about 50% of time actually writing code, conducting code reviews and testing in ongoing sprints, doing proof of concepts Driving consistent development practices - tools and common components; Developing deep understanding of tie-ins with other systems and platforms within the supported domains Working with technical product managers contributing to blueprints, and assisting with annual planning of feature sets Identifying exciting opportunities for adopting new technology to solve existing needs and predicting future challenges Mentoring other Software Engineers, may have management responsibilities over 2-3 Software Engineers Manage your own time, and work well both independently and as part of a team Work closely with product managers, back-end and other front-end engineers to implement versatile solutions to tricky web development problems Quickly generate and updating HTML prototypes from UI concepts for testing and team feedback Finalizing HTML prototypes into Web Applications by integrating with back-end services and functionality Embrace emerging standards while promoting best practices in order to push the limits of what a browser can do Qualifications This high energy Senior Software Engineer: 6+ years of software development experience and preferably a BS or MS degree in computer science, computer engineering, or other technical discipline Demonstrated experience in paired programming, agile development, application design, software development, and testing Thorough understanding of XML, JSON, Web Service technologies, and data structure fundamentals Experience with cloud technologies Experience with Java applications design and development in an Enterprise setting using J2EE, Spring, SQL DBMS’s desired Expertise in Objected Oriented Analysis and Design across a variety of platforms A proven hunger to learn new technologies and translate them into working software Ability to effectively communicate to internal and external business partners on solution design Experience with HTML/XHTML, CSS, JavaScript, and Software Version Control Systems (such as svn, git) required Experience with JavaScript Libraries (such as jQuery, GWT, Dojo, AngularJS), API’s, Search Engine Optimization, Web Page Optimization strategies desired Experience with adaptive and responsive techniques Internationalization (I18N) and Localization (L10N) experience is a plus Experience with a broad range of software languages and payments technologies is a plus Experience with design and coding using ETL tools is a plus Experience with test automation, DevOps and Test Driven Development is a plus American Express is an equal opportunity employer and makes employment decisions without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, disability status, or any other status protected by law. “Click here to view the " EEO is the Law " poster” If the link does not work, please copy and paste the following URL in a new browser window: http://www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/ofccpost.htm . ReqID: 15010131	Senior Software Engineer –UI/UX	American Express	New York	NY	New York, NY	American Express	Sat, 17 Oct 2015 10:05:53 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=67ef2da5c8633879&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa3APUfCetqy00sScpYQ57pZJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke5in018dr7qp
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Skills Required Position: Software Engineer, Applications Job Type: full-time, one position Software Engineer, Applications needed in Piscataway, NJ and various unanticipated locations throughout the U.S. to design, develop, test, and implement computer applications software. Gather and analyze client business requirements and design and develop computer systems. Oversee the installation of necessary software and customize software to clients’ unique requirements. Work with team members to insure delivery of project. Must have a Master’s Degree (or foreign equiv) in Computer Science, Engineering (any), Mathematics, or related field, plus one (1) year of IT experience. The one (1) year of IT experience must include experience using SSIS, SSRS, Java Script, Asp.Net, and SQL Server. In the alternative, we will accept a Bachelor’s Degree (or foreign equiv) in Computer Science, Engineering (any), Mathematics, or related field, plus five (5) years of progressive IT experience. One (1) year of the five (5) years of progressive IT experience must include experience using SSIS, SSRS, Java Script, Asp.Net, and SQL Server. All experience may be acquired concurrently. Will accept any suitable combination of education, training, or experience in lieu of the above stated education and experience requirements. Travel &amp; relocation required. Send resumes to Synechron, Inc.-H.R. Department, 1 Corporate Place South, Suite 200, Piscataway, NJ 08854; Ref: 027; EOE. This position qualifies under our incentive-based employee referral program.	Software Engineer, Applications	Synechron	Piscataway	NJ	Piscataway, NJ	Synechron	Wed, 07 Oct 2015 09:44:29 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=b20c9ed048af14c7&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa3APUfCetqy00sScpYQ57pZJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke5in018dr7qp
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Are you an Algorithmic Engineer with deep roots in Theoretical Computer Science? If Big Data interests you, keep reading! What are we doing? You'll get to work on the flagship feature to one of the top financial software packages on the market. There are 200-300 regular users on it now, and growing. We are using Column-Oriented databases to build very-high-performance and sophisticated data management systems that allow for multi-workflow and cross-content analysis of structured financial data. Our systems place a special emphasis on fundamental data and content delivery. You'll get to work on a team of 4 people and help it grow. We need someone that is very hands on. Our system is written in C#, but we've taken people with Java or C++ and been able to work with them. What do I need to have for this job? • BS or MS in Computer Science, Mathematics, Engineering, Physics, or equivalent. • We love people with an Algorithm development background. • Database driven development and database driven applications. • Column Oriented development would be great. What's in it for you? This is a Full Time position in our office in Mid-Town West, Manhattan. We are paying higher than industry average salaries, plus bonuses to 20%. Our benefits and 401k plans are unmatched in the industry and the culture of the company pushes innovation, team collaboration, communication and ingenuity.	Senior Algorithmic Software Engineer	Averity	New York	NY	New York, NY	Averity	Wed, 04 Nov 2015 22:27:48 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=c186722f1aecac6e&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa3APUfCetqy00sScpYQ57pZJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke5in018dr7qp
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Description Opportunity to become an engineering technical product manager with a focus on emerging technologies and practices in the application development space including containers, cloud computing, APIs, mobile and web dev, agile practices, continuous delivery, devops etc. Job Description: Citigroup employs over 50,000 people in technology and prides itself on being a diverse meritocracy where talent is recognized and promoted. Solutions Development is a global department in Citigroup that develops and supports a wide range of innovative technology solutions. Responsibilities include: You will work closely with application developers and engineers across various departments at Citigroup to learn about their needs and to discover innovative solutions to complex business and technology problems at a global, enterprise scale. You will follow industry research, analysts and online technology news in order to identify and interpret key application development trends. You will be blogging about your work in internal and external social developer communities and forums. You will be conducting hands-on research and experiments working with the latest application development technologies and practices across the full software development lifecycle. You will configure and integrate a variety of commercial and open source software tools and libraries. You will run internal lunch &amp; learns, demos and technical presentations QualificationsJob Skills/Qualifications Hands-on application development experience from requirements, through testing, operations and support Working knowledge of one object oriented language (Java or C# preferred) Working knowledge of web development technologies include HTML, JavaScript and web development frameworks Familiarity with data persistence technologies both SQL and NoSQL Familiarity with unit, integration testing, test automation and continuous testing Experience with continuous integration/continuous delivery and agile development methodology is desirable Experience with Devops practice, APM (application performance monitoring), application logging, metrics and telemetry is desirable Strong verbal and written communication skills including social networking and blogging Strong interpersonal skills both in person or over the phone/video Ability to understand business drivers and balance business requirements, timelines, costs and best practices Good analytical skills, ability to contribute in design discussions and problem solving sessions An appetite for taking on challenges and leveraging new technologies. Educational Level: Bachelor's Degree in Technology, Computer Science, Engineering or related fieldPrimary Location: United States,New Jersey,WarrenOther Location: United States,New York,New YorkEducation: Associate's Degree/College DiplomaJob Function: TechnologyTravel Time: NoJob ID: 15094306	Software Engineer\ Technical Product Manager	Citi	Township of Warren	NJ	Township of Warren, NJ	Citi	Tue, 27 Oct 2015 12:24:30 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=80b2543eacf2f95b&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa3APUfCetqy00sScpYQ57pZJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke5in018dr7qp
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	If the thought of having your code reach hundreds of millions of users excites you, keep reading. Venture-funded, online video software company based in Manhattan is seeking a Full time Software Engineer.100 paid benefits, Paid relocation, Equity, unlimited vacation days!!! H1-B, F-1 sponosorship as well! Theyx0027re hiring Jr, Mid level and Senior developers.... as long as you have the technical skills below contact me... Location Midtown,NYC. Skills required for the position MANAGEMENT, COMMUNICATION, PYTHON, JAVA, KAFKA, HIVE, HADOOP, ALGORITHMS. Detailed Info Venture-funded, online video software company is hiring. Their team culture allows you to manage your own timelines and projects while being a part of the fastest growing tech industry-online video. Their flagship product is deployed on over 2 million websites and streams billions of videos each month. It is used by a diverse group of publishers, ranging from Fortune 500 companies to individual bloggers. Our family of products also include video management, ads and analytics data all key components of the video stack for publishers. The firm is looking for an experienced Engineering Team Lead. As a the Head of the data team, you will be managing a small, collaborative team responsible for helping us better understand the video viewing behavior of the 1 billion people (thatx0027s not a typo!) who consume video on the widely distributed product each month. The teamx0027s goal is to use that information to help inform those publishers seeking to more effectively grow and monetize their audiences. Responsibilities Lead and manage a team of data engineers and scientists working on the firmx0027s data pipeline Drive the design, development, and optimization of our data and analytics system Contribute to and work across many different projects and technologies, as needed Collaborate with Product team to lead product releases and support our production environment Lead a cross-functional team to agree on business requirements and product direction Create and share a strategic vision for the team as well as hiring and scaling the team to meet that vision DevelopmentComputing Environment B.S. or higher in Computer Science or related field 5+ yearsx0027 experience in leading Analytics, Data Science, Engineering functions in internet industry 2-3+ years experience managing a team of engineers Knowledge of some of the following Python, Java, Kafka, Hive, Pig, HadoopMapReduce, Storm, Avro, Redshift, SQLRelational databases as well as the ability to rapidly learn new technologies Ability to understand and speak intelligently to Machine Learning, Data Mining, NLP, and classification algorithms Excellent written and verbal communication skills. Must be able to interact cross-functionally and drive both business and technical discussions. Experience in information retrieval techniques Motivated, self-starter who enjoys working in a fast-paced environment Knowledgeable in core computer science disciplines (data structures, algorithms, etc.). Pay Options FT Employee. Contact Kareem Medas. call (212) 616-4800 ext.350 or email Kareemsans.com with the Job Code KM29058 or Click the Apply Now button (). PYTHON, JAVA, KAFKA, HIVE, HADOOP, ALGORITHMS	Data Lead Software Engineer at start Up	SANS Consulting Services, Inc	New York	NY	New York, NY	Dice	Sat, 07 Nov 2015 00:08:20 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=c54cfcf08a4a3735&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa3APUfCetqy00sScpYQ57pZJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke5in018dr7qp
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Line of Service: Assurance State &amp; City: NY-New York MA-Boston Travel Requirements: 21-40% Position Type: Full Time Auto req ID: 61438BR-1 PwC/LoS Overview: Are you interested in the opportunity to work for an industry-leading firm that services clients that include the Fortune 500, and will give you the experience and exposure you need to build your career and personal brand? If you are, then PwC US (PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP and its subsidiaries) may be the firm for you. Weâ€™re a member of the PwC network of firms located in 157 countries with more than 184,000 people who are committed to delivering quality in assurance, tax and advisory services. PwC US helps organizations and individuals create the value for which they are looking. Our professionals are at the heart of our business strategy and success by bringing personal and professional experiences; we understand that our business is impacted by a person's personal and professional lives. PwC US recruits top talent with traditional and nontraditional backgrounds, with a focus on diversity and inclusion, so that we continue to build PwC US as a great place to work. Our people are armed with the tools-including enriching professional experiences, everyday coaching, timely and productive feedback, and high-quality learning and development opportunities-to deliver each day. We are committed to building lasting relationships and delivering value to our clients. Learn more about us at www.pwc.com/us Our Assurance practice collaborates with clients, so that the financial information they report to the investing public and other stakeholders is clear and reliable. When we fulfill our role as Assurance professionals, by standing firm on quality and integrity, we have a direct impact on how well the world's capital market system functions. The highly trained and educated Assurance teams go inside companies, and get to know those businesses. They ask questions, test assumptions, and provide assurance that the companies are reporting information on which investors and others can rely. Every assignment is an exciting opportunity to learn, to grow and to understand how businesses operate from all levels and perspectives. Our Assurance professionals are constantly challenged to learn more in order to provide our clients with the highest quality services. This learning takes place through interaction on the job with colleagues and clients, formal training programs, and the insights provided by mentors and coaches. PwC is all about our people, encouraging high performance and quality. Join us and we will help you implement a successful career strategy, as you explore the many career opportunities in PwC Assurance. Job Description: Our U.S. Financial Services (FS) Practice consists of approximately 2,300 assurance professionals, including 223 partners and 650 managers. It spans industry sectors and functional skill areas, including insurance, investment management, capital markets, banking and real estate. We serve many of the world's largest financial institutions. This means that we have insight into the challenges facing the industry. PwC is the leader is serving large, complex financial services institutions. In the U.S., we audit: - 18 of the top 50 life insurers, representing 39 percent of admitted assets. - 19 of the top 50 property and casualty insurers, representing 44 percent of net premiums written. - 11 of the top 25 reinsurers, representing 47 percent of net premiums written. - Over 2,900 mutual funds, representing 40% of all mutual funds and 58% of total industry net assets; this includes funds at nine and the advisor and funds at six of the top ten funds families. - Two of the top three, three of the top 15, and five of the top 20 US-based commercial banks. - Five of the top 20 mortgage servicers, and four of the top 20 mortgage originators. - Nine of the top 50 broker-dealers. We are also the thought leader in the financial services industry. We produce almost 150 publications and e-briefings on the financial services industry, most of which are sector specific, as well as a wide range of training and special events on issues that affect reporting and corporate governance throughout the business world. Audit360 Group is a centralized team within PwC dedicated to the firms' audit transformation agenda. The Audit360 team builds software designed for audit practitioners that provides a consistent process and automated testing methodology to increase audit quality and improve engagement efficiencies. The Audit360 team is transforming our audit procedures through innovative solutions using modern technologies, business workflows, and data analytics to increase the transparency of data across disparate data sources. The Audit360 team operates under a continuous improvement (agile) mindset that focuses on delivering business value to our clients and engagement teams. Position/Program Requirements: Minimum Years of Experience: 4 Additional years of experience verbiage: Direct success in roles implementing enterprise software solutions utilizing the Microsoft technology stack. Minimum Degree Required: Bachelor's degree Preferred Degree Major: Computer Science, Business Administration, Management Information Systems Knowledge Preferred: Demonstrates proven thorough knowledge of, and/or success in roles, building software solutions designed for audit practitioners to enhance overall quality and engagement efficiencies within a global professional services consulting partnership, which includes the following areas: Gathering and synthesizing complex business requirements and designs and/or enhancing existing software; Communicating clearly when writing, speaking and/or presenting to product owners and other project stakeholders; Collaborating and working effectively with a geographically dispersed team; Being responsive to client demands, project deadlines, and defect discovery and resolution; Utilizing effective time management, especially prioritizing tasks in collaboration with team members; and/or, Performing within all aspects of the software development lifecycle, preferably with some of proven success utilizing Agile development. Prior success in roles in either Finance or Professional Services firms, as well some proven knowledge of accounting and finance concepts, are preferred. Skills Preferred: Demonstrates proven thorough abilities and success with building software solutions designed for audit practitioners within a global professional services consulting partnership, which includes the following areas: Programming and design across the Microsoft stack: C#, .NET4/4.5, WWF, WCF, ADO.NET, SQL, EF, LINQ, Xml, Unity, Prism; Utilizing various UI patterns including: Silverlight, WPF, MVVM, ASP.NET/MVC, JavaScript, JQuery, CSS/3, HTML/5; Creating and executing hands-on design and technical writing, including designing business process flows, sequence diagrams, and class diagrams (OOD, OOP, AOP) through the use of AppFabric, 3rd party control suites, report writing, mobile applications, and other related tools, methods, or solutions; Performing complex problem-solving through troubleshooting and debugging complex business orchestrations; Designing N-tier solutions with practical knowledge of SOA and SaaS/Cloud architecture concepts and design principles; and, Evaluating system performance and detailed understanding of threading patterns.	Software Developer Engineer (Boston)	PwC	New York	NY	New York, NY	PwC	Fri, 09 Oct 2015 13:14:34 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=3342f850be81de30&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa3APUfCetqy00sScpYQ57pZJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke5in018dr7qp
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Job Description HookLogic Engineers develop proprietary software platforms used by the world’s largest e-commerce retailers. Our engineering team consists of talented, team-oriented individuals who are empowered to take advantage of the latest cloud and distributed technologies to deliver reliable, high-throughput applications. Our core languages are Java and C# and we commonly utilize technologies and platforms such as RESTful services, jQuery, SQL Server, Hadoop, Hive, HBase, Storm, Spark, and AWS Services such as Kinesis, DynamoDB, Redshift, Lamda, and SQS. As a Data Engineer, you’ll employ your skills on a daily basis to design and build data processing and storage applications to handle millions of transactions per day. You will analyze business requirements and consult with the broader team to ensure successful processing, storage and reporting of our Big Data. You’ll have a wide variety of languages and technologies at your disposal that you can use to solve problems. Your work will directly shape and create our data architecture to ultimately deliver systems that stand up to unpredictable environments at massive scale. Qualifications Depending on experience, successful applicants will show a growing track record of success or the groundwork to be an impactful member of the team. We’re looking for candidates that exhibit many of the following skills/attributes: • Strong Educational Background • Hands-on Engineering experience o Excellent problem solving and debugging skills o Writing and deploying code for the Linux, Windows, or cloud environments o Algorithms and Performance Tuning experience o Willingness to contribute to the operational responsibility of the team’s applications • Significant experience with more than one of the following: o Relational Databases &amp; SQL o NoSQL databases (Redis, DynamoDB, MongoDB) o Big Data tools such as Hadoop, Hive, EMR, Storm, Spark, DynamoDB, HBase o Distributed Platforms such as Storm, Spark, or Hadoop o Amazon Web Services (AWS) or other cloud platforms Additional Information Hooklogic, Inc. provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, sexual orientation, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability or genetics. In addition to federal law requirements, Hooklogic, Inc. complies with applicable state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation and training. 	Sr. Software Engineer, Data	HookLogic, Inc.	New York	NY	New York, NY	HookLogic, Inc.	Tue, 20 Oct 2015 14:16:00 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=3b3d984358a1f03a&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa3APUfCetqy00sScpYQ57pZJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke5in018dr7qp
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Job Requisition Number: 47060 The Role As a Software Development Intern at Bloomberg you will explore exciting aspects of the intersection of finance and technology. The person in this role will join a team that owns all phases of the development life-cycle for some of Bloomberg's premier products where they will be given real world assignments. Interns are given the chance to learn more about Bloomberg while taking part in our software development efforts. All interns receive classroom and on-the-job training to help enhance their programming skills and to instill a working familiarity with Bloomberg's systems. Qualifications - Working towards a Bachelor of Science, Master of Science, or PhD in Computer Science - Object Oriented Design and Development - Familiarity with UNIX, C/C++ - Start Date: May 2016 - June 2016 The Company Bloomberg, the global business and financial information and news leader, gives influential decision makers a critical edge by connecting them to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas. The company's strength delivering data, news and analytics through innovative technology, quickly and accurately is at the core of the Bloomberg Professional service, which provides real time financial information to more than 315,000 subscribers globally. Bloomberg's enterprise solutions build on the company's core strength, leveraging technology to allow customers to access, integrate, distribute and manage data and information across organizations more efficiently and effectively. Through Bloomberg Law, Bloomberg Government, Bloomberg New Energy Finance and Bloomberg BNA, the company provides data, news and analytics to decision makers in industries beyond finance. And Bloomberg News, delivered through the Bloomberg Professional service, television, radio, mobile, the Internet and three magazines, Bloomberg Businessweek, Bloomberg Markets and Bloomberg Pursuits, covers the world with more than 2,400 news and multimedia professionals at more than 150 bureaus in 73 countries. Headquartered in New York, Bloomberg employs more than 15,000 people in 192 locations around the world. Additional Information - Positions are available in both our New York and New Jersey offices. - If you are interested in full time, apply to our 2016 Software Engineer position.	2016 Software Engineer Intern Job	Bloomberg	New York	NY	New York, NY	Bloomberg	Wed, 28 Oct 2015 17:08:00 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=87136adb3cc714c0&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa3APUfCetqy00sScpYQ57pZJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke5in018dr7qp
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	CrowdTwist is seeking a Senior Software Engineer for our growing team based in New York City. In this role, you will work directly with all areas of our platform while adding new features and new products to the CrowdTwist platform. You will be involved in many different projects as we continue to grow and enhance our platform. Your work will be in front of millions of people and will directly influence the loyalty program offerings for many of our clients, such as Pepsi, Nestlé, Lancome, Ubisoft and Zumiez. We are a venture-backed NYC based company that provides the most comprehensive omni-channel loyalty &amp; analytics solutions for industry leading brands. We're relaxed, experienced, hard driving and are changing our industry. Your work will span many areas of the CrowdTwist platform, including but not limited to: The consumer-facing loyalty program experience Our RESTful APIs Our scalable microservices architecture Our client-facing content management applications Integrations with social networks (Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, Foursquare, etc) and vendors (PoS, ESP, CRM, Bazaarvoice, OrderGroove, etc) Our data-driven, client-customizable JavaScript SDK This role is for an engineer who loves to roll up their sleeves, dive in, and tackle any problem with speed and precision. You will be utilizing your experience with object-oriented software design and implementation, data modeling, and building high-performance, highly scalable web and data processing applications. We operate in an agile manner, so you must thrive in a fast-paced environment and enjoy shipping product. In this role, you will work with a broad backend tech stack, including but not limited to: PHP Java Oracle Redis MongoDB RabbitMQ Docker Amazon Web Services (EC2, VPC, ELB, S3, RedShift, CloudFront etc.) Various third-party services (Twilio, SendGrid, EdgeCast, etc.) About You: Have a BA/BS in Computer Science or equivalent experience Experience with both compiled and scripting languages Have 5+ years of professional experience with one or more of: PHP, Java, Ruby, Python, C, C++ Know your way around a relational and/or NoSQL database Write great code, view it as a craft, and love cranking out solid work You’ll be working with a large, highly-trafficked, scalable application. Quality is of extreme importance to us, so you’ll be writing unit and integration tests, which are used in our continuous integration process. Our QA team will show you no mercy, either — bring your “A" game. You should be back end-focused, but our front end tech stack covers a wide range of JavaScript frameworks and related tools, such as: Angular CoffeeScript Jade Sass Bonus points for front end development and systems administration experience. We have a fun, generous company culture that's built on our fundamental principle that when you give more, you get more: Competitive compensation and generous employee benefits package including fully paid Medical, Dental &amp; Vision plans for employees &amp; their dependents! Stock options for all employees! We bring toys to the office but still think the most fun thing to do is build product Collaborative work environment that fosters bonds beyond the workplace We treat our people well with employee recognition programs and referral bonuses Better than average team building activities such as paintball, go cart racing, shuffleboard, organized sporting teams and off-site retreats. Provide lunches, drinks and snacks so our team can be hungry for other things Learn from and teach each other at CrowdTwist U Dog friendly office environment If this sounds like you, get in touch. We're cool, relaxed, experienced, hard driving, changing our industry and looking for smart people like yourself to help tackle tough technical challenges. This is a full-time position based in our New York City office. Apply by sending us your resume and cover letter. Relocation assistance will be available if needed.	Senior Software Engineer	Grit Matters	New York	NY	New York, NY	Grit Matters	Tue, 20 Oct 2015 22:38:38 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=5c597dc120c84572&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa3APUfCetqy00sScpYQ57pZJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke5in018dr7qp
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Pixafy is an award winning development firm located in NYC. We currently utilize open source platforms such as Magento, Wordpress and Drupal to successfully implement and customize sites for our clients, leveraging each platform’s robust capabilities while building upon them. Pixafy is looking for a PHP Developer to join our team. What You Will Be Doing The PHP Engineer is primarily responsible for: Building functional features for Magento enterprise eCommerce websites Creating custom themes and plugins in Magento Debugging and optimizing the performance of existing features Providing input and ideas as it pertains to development and user experience problems Scoping time and budget needed to complete certain projects, features and bug fixes Collaborating with management and/or fellow programmers to ensure requirements are implemented correctly and efficiently What You Need for This Position To start, you must love challenges, getting things done, and can’t keep your hands out of coding! The ideal candidate will have: Solid development fundamentals with a good understanding of object-oriented programming Thorough experience in PHP or a proven track record of strong development in other languages with the ability to quickly learn and embrace PHP Familiar with version control systems In-depth understanding of LAMP web-centric user interface design (HTML, CSS) Experience with developing scripts in a UNIX/Linux environment Deep understanding of database technologies and proficient in MySQL Strong analytical assessment and problem-solving skills Self-starter, ability to work with minimal supervision and multi-task Strong written and verbal communication skills Experience with web application development and service oriented architecture Experience with API’s and integrating software, SOA, and integration frameworks Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science (or related discipline) or equivalent work experience Familiarity with Magento and/or WordPress and the plethora of plugins that are available What’s In It for You? At Pixafy, we foster productivity by providing an enjoyable atmosphere in and around the office. We’re conveniently located in Midtown Manhattan and are walking distance to numerous subway lines, shops, and restaurants. We bring in an ever changing menu of catered lunches three times a week to keep our team’s appetites satisfied. Our work environment is relaxed with a business casual dress code (jeans and sneakers permitted), free snacks and drinks, and a newly installed game room. Our office provides a positive and collaborative environment that nurtures growth and creativity. In this atmosphere, we work hard to make sure the employees are comfortable, the quality of code is stellar and the supply of caffeine is endless! We host team activities outside the office, such as karaoke nights and happy hours, and we have a dedicated internal “Fun Committee” that organizes bake-offs, potlucks, monthly birthday treats, costume contests, and more. If you want to be a part of a fast-growing company, apply now! We offer an extensive benefits package that includes 50% employer paid medical, dental, and vision coverage, transit reimbursement, and a 401(k) program. About Pixafy Pixafy ranked #505 on Inc’s Fastest Growing Companies in America is on a mission to make Enterprise eCommerce technology accessible to businesses of all sizes. Pixafy is always looking for bright, talented individuals who are excited about the challenges and incredible possibilities of global ecommerce. We've built a company of people who love what they do and who they work with. During the day we code like crazy, building sites that change how companies do business and how people experience the web. Afterwards, we unwind together on the lanes, at the bar, or side by side at Yankee Stadium. This is an excellent opportunity for someone who is interested in joining quickly growing tech startup and taking ownership in a role. Pixafy is the world’s most powerful eCommerce platform (SaaS) made for business users, in other words we are the SquareSpace of eCommerce. We are the first company to transform Magento – the world’s most popular eCommerce platform for developers – into a platform anyone can use! For the first time ever, businesses don’t need to spend tens of thousands of dollars on engineers to build Enterprise level eCommerce websites.	PHP Software Engineer	Pixafy	New York	NY	New York, NY	Pixafy	Thu, 15 Oct 2015 00:59:49 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=66c5cbe8efd6169b&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa3APUfCetqy00sScpYQ57pZJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke5in018dr7qp
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	KPMG is proud to foster a high-performance culture, one that's defined by having the best people, with the skills and determination to deliver above and beyond. We look for insightful and astute professionals who are also forward-thinking, confident, and globally minded. Our business services groups consist of professionals with a wide range of skills and backgrounds. We are currently seeking a Senior Developer Software Engineer, to join our New York City office. Responsibilities: Develop a variety of user-oriented applications to deliver analytic content in intuitive and innovative ways, through applications, and web interfaces Work in cross-disciplinary teams with KPMG industry experts to understand the needs and analytics use cases for leading corporations and organizations Develop, build, test, and deploy applications using iterative, and agile-like development processes Translate advanced business analytics problems into technical approaches that yield actionable recommendations, in diverse domains such as risk management, product development, marketing research, supply chain, and public policy Communicate results and educate others through insightful visualizations, presentations, and demonstrations Qualifications: Bachelor's degree from an accredited college or university in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Engineering or a related field with five years of experience; or a Master's degree or PhD with two years of experience Fluency in several programming languages such as Python, C#, Ruby, Java, or Javascript, with the ability to pick up new languages and technologies quickly Strong written and verbal communication skills, ability to work in dynamic team environments, and multi-task effectively Proficiency in Unix/Linux environments and ability to develop in terminal environments Proficiency in Web-front end, back-end, .NET, or Linux-based development, including planning, build, testing, and deployment KPMG offers a comprehensive compensation and benefits package. No phone calls or agencies please. One Firm. One Team. Countless Opportunities. KPMG, an equal opportunity employer/disability/veteran. KPMG maintains a drug-free workplace. KPMG will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable local, state or federal law (including San Francisco Ordinance number 131192).	Senior Developer Software Engineer	KPMG	New York	NY	New York, NY	KPMG LLP	Fri, 16 Oct 2015 09:19:00 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=59126e72a33a4401&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa3APUfCetqy00sScpYQ57pZJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke5in018dr7qp
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	A large technology company in the niche for capital markets and trading software is growing and looking for top notch engineers to join their team. You would be working at a non-bureaucratic company that is using modern technologies to work on various projects dealing with finance, capital markets, asset management etc. You would be hired as a Senior Software Engineer you would be working on design, programming, testing, scripting etc. You would be working for a company with more than 600 employees globally that has 50% growth year over year. Required Skills 5-7+ years of experience with core Java/J2EE development Ability to work as an individual contributor to develop robust code Must not have any visa constrictions Object Oriented Programming (OOP) Financial Knowledge Experience: credit derivatives, credit risk, equity, fixed income, foreign exchange, interest Ability to communicate well both technically and non-technically Interest in learning the latest and greatest technologies Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or equivalent is preferred MUST BE local to the New York City area Benefits Competitive compensation package, medical benefits, 401K match, Technical training and reimbursement. Career growth to architectural and leadership roles, entrepreneurial, not stagnant work, ability to travel (if interested)	Senior Software Engineer	Jobspring Partners	New York	NY	New York, NY	Jobspring Partners	Wed, 28 Oct 2015 01:18:11 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=db3ee913be9f63c6&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa3APUfCetqy00sScpYQ57pZJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke5in018dr7qp
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Lead Front End Software Engineer - Ex-Google Tech Startup Please apply via indeed by clicking "apply now". We typically respond within 24 hours and look forward to connecting! Front-End Developers play an important role on our engineering team, developing the user facing applications for our products, websites, web, and mobile applications. products including websites, functional web applications, and mobile applications. You will collaborate with Product Managers, Software Developers, QA Engineers. We are looking for someone with a strong knowledge of Javascript, HTML, and CSS and are passion about great Front End web and mobile development that work well across multiple browsers. Someone who can think about the overall user experience as well as the code and can bring new ideas to our team.Responsibilities Participate in our UI development processes by establishing and documenting development standards and common components for common usage across our applications Writing standards-compliant front-end code for websites, web applications, and mobile solutions using HTML, CSS and JavaScript Testing the front-end code for supported browsers and devices Collaborating effectively with UX team members to ensure the effectiveness and quality of the design solution Working closely with members of the development and QA teams to ensure the front-end code can be effectively integrated with the technical solution in an Agile Software Development environment Qualifications Strong portfolio of work showing experience developing standards-compliant front-end code for marketing websites, web applications, and/or mobile experiences Demonstrated experience in incorporating reliable unit and end-to-end testing to UI frameworks Proficient in Javascript Proficient in HTML5 / CSS3 Experience with MVC frameworks Experience with Node.js a plus Experience with AngularJS a plus Experience working in an Agile Software Development environment Secondary UX skills in Interaction Design and Visual Design are desired Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or a related field is preferred 2-10+ years of experience Job Type: Full-time Job Type: Full-time Salary: $160,000.00 /year 	Lead Front End Software Engineer - Ex-Google Tech Startup	Custom Talent LLC	New York	NY	New York, NY	Indeed	Tue, 20 Oct 2015 19:00:10 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=09e81d0ba5c0b15e&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa3APUfCetqy00sScpYQ57pZJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke5in018dr7qp
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Job Description At the New York office, you’ll be joining a small and talented group of engineers building out Echo360’s web platform and applications As a Software Engineer on the Active Learning Platform team, you will work on products from inception, through development, and ultimately to testing and release. Being a relatively small team, you will have the freedom and opportunity to help direct the shape and evolution of our technical architecture. At Echo360 we are developing a culture and set of core values designed to enable our engineers to build the best technology possible. We value productivity over process, but never at the expense of quality. We obsess over code quality, test coverage, and peer review. These methods allow Echo360 to develop industry leading solutions while competing with companies that have much larger engineering teams. We’re looking for talented engineers with the ability to work on multiple layers within a system. A healthy obsession for scalability and data processing problems doesn’t hurt. Flexibility and willingness to work on various aspects of a feature and with various technologies is a must. We all have opinions on how to improve education…..help come make these ideas a reality. At Echo360, the products you develop will help millions of students at hundreds of colleges and universities across the world. Major Responsibilities: Build infrastructure to manage curriculums across hundreds of schools Develop scalable systems that can manage millions of concurrent students watching millions of hours of lecture content Design systems capable of collecting millions of behavioral data points a day to help educators evaluate their methods and students Help maintain the backbone of the Echo360 platform that keeps our various services in sync and working together Actively and productively contribute to the full Agile process Stay current with relevant technologies Build high-quality deliverables (code, test, hardware, schemas) quickly with minimal direction Think creatively and lead the resolution of problems facing the team Qualifications The ideal candidate for the Software Engineer position at Echo360 will have/be: Bachelor's degree (preferred) 3-7 years related professional experience in software engineering Experience with Scala and AWS data services is a plus A passion for building scalable and performant web systems Outstanding verbal and written communications skills A Well-organized self-starter Additional Information All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines.	Software Engineer	Echo360, Inc.	New York	NY	New York, NY	Echo360, Inc.	Fri, 09 Oct 2015 03:06:40 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=18a8175d0cb2cdcd&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa3APUfCetqy00sScpYQ57pZJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke5in018dr7qp
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Tower Research Capital LLC (“Tower”) seeks a Software Engineer in Test with world-class intelligence and excellent analytic skills to do quality assurance software testing on our trading infrastructure. The firm successfully trades a number of different strategies in a variety of markets. We have an extremely high-performance network that processes a vast amount of financial information in real time. The team here is composed of a talented group of quantitative financial analysts and programmers. Responsibilities As a Software Engineer in Test, your responsibilities will include: Working closely with software developers located in the US, Europe, and Asia Creating and executing test plans prior to the release of numerous internal software systems Signing off on releases as they are ready for deployment, including passing test plans and notifying system users Updating and creating specification documents Reporting to the Quality Assurance Manager Qualifications The successful candidate will have: Experience in the finance industry (a plus) Experience in Quality Assurance (a plus) Undergraduate or graduate degree from a top college or university Knowledge of Linux and a scripting language such as Perl, Python, or shell (required) C++ programming skills (preferred) Basic Linux systems administration skills and knowledge of version control systems such as git (a plus) Knowledge of SQL (preferred) The ability to build test plans from informal specifications given by developers and risk managers Brilliant problem solving skills Additionally, the candidate will be: Organized and detail-oriented (extremely important) Able to prioritize and manage multiple tasks in a fast-paced environment Able to work independently and take on many responsibilities Strong communication skills and fluency in English Benefits: Tower’s main office and garden roofdeck are located in TriBeCa, a neighborhood in downtown Manhattan. While we work hard, Tower’s cubicle-free workplace, jeans-clad workforce, and well-stocked kitchens reflect the premium the firm places on quality of life. Benefits include: Competitive salary Signing and performance-based bonuses 401(k) with company matching Five weeks of paid vacation per year plus nine paid holidays Free breakfast, lunch, and snacks on a daily basis Free gym membership Free tickets to New York events, including the US Open and TriBeCa Film Festival 	Software Engineer in Test	Tower Research Capital LLC	New York	NY	New York, NY	Tower Research Capital LLC	Fri, 23 Oct 2015 10:29:00 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=a18649dfa09de143&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa3APUfCetqy00sScpYQ57pZJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke5in018dr7qp
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Excellent growth opportunity for a mid-level Developer who is looking to learn and be trained on more in-depth ArchitectDesign level skills and responsibilities. The incumbent will be responsible for the development, delivery and support of custom applications. As the position expands, this role is slated to be trained and mentored on more designarchitect intensive responsibilities. The ideal candidate will have a sound understanding of how to write code once that will be used many times (extensibility). Required Qualifications Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Information Systems or Engineering (or equivalent relevant work experience). Master’s degree in Computer Science, Information Systems is highly desirable 5+ years of hands-on programming experience with an object oriented language such as Python, Ruby on Rails andor Java 3+ years of experience with web various technologies and frameworks (HTML5, CSS, Ajax, JavaScript, JQuery, Angular, REACT, IONIC, EXT-JS, GWT, PHP, Python, Ruby), integrating with API’s web services via XML JSON, architecture for web and mobile devices UX design. CORE A - Python, Java, Ruby B - AngularIonic building Restful API's solid back end SQL experience is also preferred (Note not all are required! This is a very diverse technical environment with multiple toolstechnologies in place) javascript; API; SQL; object oriented development	Software Engineer	Edge Technology Services, Inc.	New York	NY	New York, NY	Dice	Tue, 03 Nov 2015 01:12:13 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=9f2546f98d7027fb&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1ZvI9QGrKGn30s8zIc05vBJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke5mo551dlfb5
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	We're seeking an engineer to join our small but impactful data team, focusing on infrastructure projects. The data team has grown significantly and we have started to focus on building more sophisticated data applications and pipelines. As our first data engineer focusing primarily on infrastructure, you will take a leadership role in continuing this work and have the kind of impact that is tough to find at a larger company. You’ll work on opening up access to more data sources, and help get those data sources into a production ready state. You will also help deploy and maintain our data applications. We’re looking for someone with a strong background in data engineering, with experience deploying and maintaining production data systems with large amounts of data. What you'll do here Extracting an ETL process from our main Ruby application into its own service Building a pipeline to take Mixpanel and application logs and load them into Redshift Building an application to collect app event data and distribute those events to various services What you bring to the table Strong programming abilities Experience building and deploying production services for distributed high volume applications Understanding of databases Experience working with Hadoop and Redshift Experience creating data pipelines Experience with chef or puppet for deployment A little bit about us The PP Engineering team is a highly collaborative group of developers and technologists that’s charged with building and refining a consumer-facing product that millions of people interact with each month. Our individual feature teams each focus on a unique piece of the user experience and are made up of engineers, product managers, QA, and product designers. We prioritize creativity and continuing education, and our ongoing commitment to quality code shows in our pragmatic but fearless approach to technology. Above all, we care about our craft. Company-wide we enjoy an amazing ecosystem of an even gender split and healthy balance of engineers and designers. Because Paperless Post isn’t supported by ad revenue, we get to spend our days focused on creating and improving on the ideal version of our platform, product, content, and partnerships for our users.	Software Engineer - Data	Paperless Post	New York	NY	New York, NY	Paperless Post	Fri, 09 Oct 2015 05:48:08 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=cacc72b2ba1a5e1b&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1ZvI9QGrKGn30s8zIc05vBJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke5mo551dlfb5
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Description: Our client is looking for a software engineer with experience in large-scale object storage systems to join their compliance search and archiving team. You will join a growing group that develops cutting edge distributed, highly parallelized, big data processing, storage and analytic cloud services for the financial industry. Your New Work Environment: Work in small, fast-paced teams to develop products backed by the resources of our global client Design and code applications that operate on massive amount of structured and unstructured data Collaborate closely with business and internal teams to implement your technical vision Participate in the entire software life cycle and all phases of quality assurance and defect resolution Required for this opportunity: (BS+) in Computer Science/Computer Engineering or comparable experience 5+ years of experience in development/design the software with C++ or JVM based languages Experience with building large-scale distributed enterprise or hosted storage systems Experience in the storage infrastructures such as NFS, HDFS and Cassandra Excellent problem solving and multi-tasking skills, with a creative and flexible attitude Desire and ability to share ideas, solid verbal and written communication skills Characteristics that will set you apart from other applicants: Experience working with data distributed across large data storage clusters is desired Experience with Amazon AWS services (specifically S3, EMR, RDS and EC2) is a plus If you have the described qualifications and are interested in this exciting opportunity, please apply! About SWATT: The Genesis10 Software and Technology Team (SWATT) is a specialized recruiting service focused on helping accomplished software developers, programmers, platform engineers and elite technology professionals find once-in-a-lifetime career opportunities in New York City with the world’s most advanced technology organizations. Whether local to New York or relocating from across North America, we take an authentic approach to helping people make life-changing technology career decisions. For more information go to http://swatt.genesis10.com/ “Genesis10 is an Equal Opportunity Employer, M/F/D/V” #LI-SWATT	Senior Software Development Engineer, Large-scale Object Storage	Genesis10	New York	NY	New York, NY	Genesis10	Wed, 04 Nov 2015 03:05:00 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=02a97b0fe7a72dc8&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1ZvI9QGrKGn30s8zIc05vBJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke5mo551dlfb5
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Globaledit is looking for a Senior Server-Side Developer with experience building enterprise SaaS applications to join our team. We provide a powerful SaaS platform that optimizes and accelerates creative production for over 60 of the leading fashion brands, retailers, and entertainment companies - including Under Armour, Cole Haan, MTV, L.L. Bean, Showtime, and CBS. The company is Private Equity-backed, based in New York City, and has approximately 30 employees. Join our team and you'll be helping to create the next generation of globaledit, using the latest technology and techniques, working with our front-end development,UX, and product management team members. The ideal candidate will have substantial experience working on the development of enterprise SaaS platform software. RESPONSIBILITIES Architect, implement, and test solutions for globaledit Advise technical solutions and manage technical debt Actively advocate for software architecture best practices, process improvements, and adoption of latest technologies Provide technical guidance, training, and support to other engineers Collaborate with team members in scrum/agile environment to deliver high quality features on schedule Requirements Proven experience building maintainable solutions; emphasis on managed extensibility, versioning, logging and instrumentation A firm grasp of multi-threading, database contention, and object-oriented design 5+ years experience building and operating large-scale, distributed enterprise grade Big Data applications utilizing C# / ASP.NET MVC / Web API / SQL Server. Familiarity with concurrency focused application frameworks, such as SignalR, Node.JS, etc. Familiarity with NoSql databases (e.g. Elasticsearch, Mongo) is a plus. Real time messaging/queue frameworks, including PubNub, Push Notifications, Rabbit MQ etc. Familiarity with Test Driven Development fundamentals, including the creation and management of tests using popular testing frameworks (VS.Net, xUnit) and approaches (Isolation/mocks, regression testing, etc.) Firm understanding of github and git command line. Up-to-date knowledge of modern HTML, CSS, Javascript, and front-end frameworks, Angularjs, Ember, etc. Nice to haves Experience with open source technologies and a spirit for experimentation Publicly available code samples; such as a blog, Github repo, etc Experience with cloud providers, AWS, Azure, etc. 	Senior Server-Side Software Engineer	Industrial Color	New York	NY	New York, NY	Industrial Color	Wed, 14 Oct 2015 03:17:14 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=9ca81e87df3aa4de&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1ZvI9QGrKGn30s8zIc05vBJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke5mo551dlfb5
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Front End Software Engineer - Ex-Google Tech Startup Please apply via indeed by clicking "apply now". We typically respond within 24 hours and look forward to connecting! Front-End Developers play an important role on our User Experience (UX) team, developing the presentation layer of our properties including websites, functional web applications, and mobile applications. Front-End Developers collaborate openly with other members of the UX discipline, including Interaction Designers and Visual Designers, as well as Product Managers, Technical Developers, and QA.Great candidates for this role are enthusiastic about the constantly evolving world of front-end web and mobile technologies. They have expert skill in HTML, CSS and JavaScript – writing standards-compliant code from scratch—as well as MVC concepts. They understand how to support the range of browsers and devices that people may be using. They are equally comfortable collaborating with designers as well as developers. They are meticulous in ensuring the quality of their work.Strong Front-End Developers think not only about the code, but also about way users interact with the things we create. They love to use their skills to create better user experience. Can a screen-based behavior be used to help a user understand a task better? Make it faster to find the right information? Front-end technology has evolved to the point where it can shape the user experience, and we are passionate about finding ways to do that. Responsibilities Participate in our UI development processes by establishing and documenting development standards and common components for common usage across all of our applications Writing standards-compliant front-end code for websites, web applications, and mobile solutions using HTML, CSS and JavaScript Testing the front-end code for supported browsers and devices Collaborating effectively with UX team members to ensure the effectiveness and quality of the design solution Working closely with members of the development and QA teams to ensure the front-end code can be effectively integrated with the technical solution in an Agile Software Development environment Qualifications Strong portfolio of work showing experience developing standards-compliant front-end code for marketing websites, web applications, and/or mobile experiences Demonstrated experience in incorporating reliable unit and end-to-end testing to UI frameworks Proficient in Javascript Proficient in HTML5 / CSS3 Experience with MVC frameworks Experience with Node.js a plus Experience with AngularJS a plus Experience working in an Agile Software Development environment Knowledge of additional programming languages, frameworks and database technologies is helpful Secondary UX skills in Interaction Design and Visual Design are desired 1-2 years of experience Salary: $160,000.00 /year 	Front End Software Engineer - Ex-Google Tech Startup	Custom Talent LLC	New York	NY	New York, NY	Indeed	Sat, 17 Oct 2015 00:19:48 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=06a3dd1290aec587&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1ZvI9QGrKGn30s8zIc05vBJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke5mo551dlfb5
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Senior Software Engineer – Data Services Description The Senior Software Engineer will be responsible for the delivery of enterprise data services in a Service Oriented Architecture (SOA) environment. The Senior Engineer must work with multiple agile development teams to produce a consistent set of data services that can be utilized for data collection and distribution across multiple work streams: Master Data Management (MDM), Analytics, Enterprise Content Management (ECMS) as well as operational applications. The ideal candidate will drive and champion test-driven and agile development, as well as promoting and evolving best practices within the organization. The Senior Software Engineer will be detail oriented, self-directed, self-motivated, with a strong capacity for working successfully and flexibly with members across the organization. Responsibilities Work in partnership with Architecture, Master Data Management and ECMS teams to design, develop and deliver data and integration services across multiple technology domains. Ensure that code adheres to strict standards and best practices for accessibility, security, object-oriented practices and performance Identify ways to package new and existing services and capabilities to provide a comprehensive SOA-based platform for data collection and distribution Model, design, and develop REST-based web services, service wrappers, service interfaces, APIs, messaging systems (e.g. via ESB technologies) and other integration patterns as may be required Model and implement solutions for different deployment and continuous integration scenarios, and assist in the development of a build/deploy environment Design databases and data messages exchanged among systems based on evolving standards in the domain Design and build a reusable, expandable and scalable data services platform that will integrate data from various sources and interfaces that include structured and un-structured data sources Produce documentation of standards and guidelines for technical and functional audiences, to include working code examples and interface definitions and templates. Provide leadership, mentoring, and technical training to other data service team members Qualifications Strong communications skills and the ability to communicate technical concepts to non-technical people and work with a variety of internal and external development groups Good foundation in computer science, with strong competencies in basic data structures, graphs, algorithms, JVM concurrency, thread-safe design, OO design and services architecture Experienced at software performance, scalability, maintainability, reusability and security Practitioner of Agile/Scrum and test driven development Ability to lead design sessions, provide guidance on development tasking and participate in architecture and code reviews Work both independently as well as within a team involving technical partners and domain subject matter experts to consistently develop and implement high quality, secure, scalable software within expected time and budget Ability to operate in a fast paced agile environment with ability to change rapidly Requirements Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science / MIS or equivalent experience required. Minimum five (5) years’ experience in software engineering and design. Strong core Java, OOD, Design Patterns, SOA, REST-based web services Test driven development (TDD) methodology and tools Proficiency with XML/XLST/JSON/JSON-LD Knowledge of open source technology such as Linux and Apache stacks Maven, Jenkins or other continuous integration AWS services such as RDS and S3 Messaging and ESB Demonstrable knowledge of both stream and ETL/Batch data aggregation patterns AWS services such as RDS, Redshift, Kinesis and S3 Multiple DBMS storage engines, models and access methods, such as MySQL, SQL Server, and Oracle In addition, the following experience is beneficial: Experience with Master Data Management, Data Warehousing and Analytics Experience in web-publishing and product delivery Experience NoSQL, such as MongoDB, Graph database (OrientDB, Neo4J, or Blazegraph) Experience with RDF/SPARQL WS02 API/ESB Management Scala, Python	Senior Software Engineer – Data Services (STS)	Scholastic	New York	NY	New York, NY	Scholastic	Tue, 20 Oct 2015 20:00:02 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=35d14accf9c51edd&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1ZvI9QGrKGn30s8zIc05vBJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke5mo551dlfb5
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	High Frequency Market Data Software Engineer Will relocate the right candidate. Degree from a top computer science or engineering program with a GPA of 3.5 or higher preferred. Preferred Universities - Carnegie Mellon University, Massachusetts Institute of Technology/MIT, Stanford University, University of California-Berkeley, Cornell University, University of Illinois-Urbana-Champaign, Princeton University, University of Washington, University of Texas-Austin, Georgia Institute of Technology, California Institute of Technology, University of Wisconsin-Madison, University of Michigan-Ann Arbor. Responsibilities: -Help build the software platform and engines which connect Firm to world’s financial markets. -Provide market data feeds and order entry capability for the Firm. -Design and implement systems which have very low latency, high throughput and high availability requirements. -Collaborate with teams across the company to develop cutting-edge trading software. Qualifications: -At minimum, a bachelor’s degree in computer science or engineering. -Experience analyzing requirements and designing high throughput or low latency systems. -Strong programming skills (Java, C++ preferred). -Familiarity with broad range of technologies. New York City Software Engineer Jobs, Manhattan Software Engineering Jobs, IT Jobs, Software Engineer, Java, C++, Trading systems, High Frequency, Market Data, New York City Recruiters, Manhattan Recruiting	High Frequency Market Data Software Engineer	GinasTechJobs.com	New York	NY	New York, NY	GinasTechJobs.com	Wed, 04 Nov 2015 18:24:48 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=9d0d7bb3e1e67423&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1ZvI9QGrKGn30s8zIc05vBJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke5mo551dlfb5
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	219 South Street Suite 202 New Providence, NJ 07974 www.g3ti.net Send resumes to: admin.nst@g3ti.net Embedded Software Engineer II Primary Purpose: Under general direction, provide cutting-edge embedded software development for custom wireless communication sys tems based on commercial cellular standards (e.g. LTE, UMTS). Roles and Responsibilities:  Design, develop, test and maintain embedded software on custom wireless communications systems with emphasis on microcontrollers  Understand customer requirements, identify risks and implement solutions to deliver quality software solutions  Interface with RF, FPGA and other development engineers to integrate total solution  Perform work under normal supervision.  Travel to other G3 locations or customer sites as necessary Qualifications: Basic Qualifications: To be considered for this position, you must minimally meet the knowledge, skills, and abilities listed below:  Experience with embedded software that controls hardware (e.g. device drivers, microcontrollers MSP, ARM, PIC) is required  Strong C and assembler software development experience is required; other languages (e.g. C++, JavaScript) would be beneficial  Scripting language (e.g. Tcl TK, Python) experience required  Ability to interpret schematics and design/implement associated embedded software  Familiarity with Object Oriented Design, architecture and programming methods  Flexibility to adapt to new and changing opportunities required  Excellent communication skills  Demonstrated effective teamwork skills 219 South Street Suite 202 New Providence, NJ 07974 www.g3ti.net Send resumes to: admin.nst@g3ti.net Minimum Education and Experience:  Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering or related discipline and 2-4 years related experience or an equivalent combination of skills, education, and experience. Desired Skills:  Understanding of RF equipment  Knowledge of cellular and wireless communication systems  Protocol stack and embedded application development experience 219 South Street Suite 202 New Providence, NJ 07974 www.g3ti.net Send resumes to: admin.nst@g3ti.net About G3 Technologies, Inc. G3 Technologies, Inc. is a dynamic company providing state-of-the-art wireless technology solutions, specializing in software development, cellular technology, wireless protocols, signal processing and systems integration. We are a nimble, non-burea ucratic company characterized by technological innovation, extraordinary effort, and dedication to our customers, employees, and suppliers. The atmosphere is fast-paced and agile, shifting rapidly to meet the pressing needs of our customers. Team mentality, excellent work ethic, initiative, innovation, and an entrepreneurial spirit are key factors to your success here. G3 Technologies Inc offers generous benefits, including:  Generous and Flexible Vacation/Paid Time Off plan  Company- paid Medical and Prescription benefits  Company-paid Dental benefits  Company-paid Vision benefits  Flexible Spending health account (FSA)  Tuition Assistance  401k matching  Life Insurance  Long-term Disability  Employee Assistance Program (EAP)  Additional voluntary benefits are available We have several exciting new opportunities available at our suburban New Providence, NJ location. We are located in New Providence, NJ (30 miles west of NYC), and within walking distance of NJ Transit’s Murray Hill Train Station. If you are interested, send your resume to admin.nst@g3ti.net.	Embedded Software Engineer II	G3 Technologies, Inc.	New Providence	NJ	New Providence, NJ	G3 Technologies, Inc.	Thu, 05 Nov 2015 18:49:14 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=6c3b0fb755168608&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1ZvI9QGrKGn30s8zIc05vBJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke5mo551dlfb5
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	When was the last time you were planning a business trip and really tried to save your company money? If your company allowed you to stay in a fancy hotel, would you ever volunteer to stay at an Airbnb or at a friend’s house? How about flying coach instead of business class? The vast majority of employees optimize for comfort and convenience, spending at the high end of their company policy limits, because, well, why not? So how can a company get its employees to care about expenses without implementing draconian policies, creating friction and frustrating employees? How can a company motivate its employees to save? The answer is Rocketrip. We’re a NYC-based startup that rewards business travelers for cost-sensitive behavior. It’s a win-win: companies save, while employees cash in with real rewards. The Role: Rocketrip software engineers have a penchant for solving unique problems. If you love and thrive on keeping up to date with and gaining a deep understanding of the latest web technologies, you will love working with us. Rocketrip is as much about web design as it is about employing diverse areas of Computer Science, including machine learning, information retrieval, distributed computing and natural language processing to transform the professional travel industry. Responsibilities Write server-side code for web-based applications, create robust high-volume production applications, and develop prototypes quickly. You should also have a strong understanding of, and practical experience with front-end and API application development. Build our platforms, systems and networking infrastructure using your strong background in both database and web development. Requirements BS degree in Computer Science or related field (In lieu of degree, 4 years of relevant work experience). 5 years of relevant work experience, including large systems software design and development experience, with knowledge of UNIX/Linux. A Polyglot with experience applying multiple web development languages to live applications. Bonus Points You have coding skills in Python, database design and SQL, and/or knowledge of web deployment, TCP/IP and network programming. You’re well-versed in a Python web stack You’re an entrepreneur at heart – you can be resourceful and creative to find the best solution that gets the job done. You have a good design eye, strong UI development experience using HTML, CSS and JavaScript/AJAX. With a solid foundation in computer science, you have strong competencies in data structures, algorithms, and software design. What We Care About Passion and interest in web technology and pushing to change the status quo. Comfort with a startup's lack of structure and quick pace Getting shit done Communication skills Initiative and creativity Desire to learn What We Don't Care About Fancy credentials "Rock-Stars", "All-Stars", or "Ninjas" Specific schools To apply, include your resume, a link to your portfolio or work samples and a brief introduction. If you have them, include links to your GitHub accounts. Founded in 2013 and headquartered in New York City, Rocketrip is aiming to revolutionize business travel by introducing the motivation to save. We’re a group of tech innovators who looked at the current state of business travel, became frustrated by the horrible employee and employer experiences, and decided to do something big about it. Our team is focused on utilizing technology, design and data to align employee and company interests. Rocketrip is backed by a renowned set of investors and advisors, including Canaan Partners, Genacast Ventures, Y Combinator, Paul Buchheit (creator of Gmail) and CrunchFund.	Senior Full-Stack Software Engineer	Rocketrip	Manhattan	NY	Manhattan, NY	Rocketrip	Mon, 12 Oct 2015 07:25:59 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=35a3b1bc1508922b&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1ZvI9QGrKGn30s8zIc05vBJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke5mo551dlfb5
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Staff Software Engineer (AEM) Description A technically strong hands on expert Software Engineer to lead development efforts for highly visible, cutting edge consumer facing websites built on the Adobe Experience Manager (AEM) CMS Platform for highly recognized and distinguished consumer brands. We are seeking a highly motivated and technically proficient Java engineer with deep experience developing and leading projects on the AEM platform including, but not limited to: designing and developing site architecture, custom components, custom workflows, Digital Asset Management (DAM) customization, object model designs (Java APIs), implementation strategy, unit testing and deployment. Translates business requirements into technical details relevant to AEM Resolves functional and technical issues relating to AEM Provides technical leadership on complex projects that require eCommerce, campaign, targeting, and social with the AEM platform Creates technical documentation as part of client deliverables Provides technical leadership and mentoring of team members. Qualifications 3+ years of development/implementation experience using AEM including hands on experience developing templates, components, OSGi services, and integrations. Working knowledge of AEMs multi-site manager, campaign integration and content translation strategies. 7+ years of Java web programming experience 2+ years of experience with modern JavaScript libraries and frameworks such as jQuery, Backbone.js, AngularJS, and/or other MVC frameworks. Strong communication skills with the ability to effectively interface with business as well as technical teams. Good business analysis/design skills with architecture and implementation experience. Bachelors degree in Computer Science or Engineering Job Type: Full-time Salary: $150,000.00 /year Required experience: AEM Adobe Experience Manager: 1 year 	Staff Software Engineer- Adobe Experience Manager	Emerson United Inc	New York	NY	New York, NY	Indeed	Fri, 09 Oct 2015 18:44:36 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=c7396ffc04312e84&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1ZvI9QGrKGn30s8zIc05vBJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke5mo551dlfb5
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	219 South Street Suite 202 New Providence, NJ 07974 www.g3ti.net Send resumes to: admin.nst@g3ti.net Software and Wireless Protocols Engineer IV Position Responsibilities:  Conceptualize, define, design and prototype complex systems engineering solutions  May lead a team of engineers to accomplish a similar task  Work with piers and upper-level engineers to identify need for improvement and work on implementing solutions to meet those needs  Travel to other G3 Locations or Customer Sites as necessary Skills and Knowledge:  Working knowledge of radio access, core network, interface protocol and the call flows over these interfaces  Experience in 3GPP/IEEE/ANSI/ITU/ETSI Wireless and mobile radio protocols and survey tools  Demonstrated ability to rapidly prototype protocols and applications  Demonstrated knowledge of object oriented architecture, programming and programming methods  Knowledge of HOL such as C, C++ and associated development frameworks  Experience with Linux  Demonstrated ability to leverage open source programs, rapid integration methods, web interfaces and services implementation, XML implementation methods  Object oriented architecture, programming and programming methods required  Demonstrated experience or knowledge of software methods – from those that are highly formal requiring extensive documentation and reviews to ‘extreme’ programming techniques  Excellent communication and interpersonal skills Minimum Education and Experience:  Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or Electrical Engineering and 6-8 years of experience or an equivalent combination of skills, education and experience.  Master’s degree preferred 219 South Street Suite 202 New Providence, NJ 07974 www.g3ti.net Send resumes to: admin.nst@g3ti.net About G3 Technologies, Inc. G3 Technologies, Inc. is a dynamic company providing state-of-the-art wireless technology solutions, specializing in software development, cellular technology, wireless protocols, signal processing and systems integration. We are a nimble, non-burea ucratic company characterized by technological innovation, extraordinary effort, and dedication to our customers, employees, and suppliers. The atmosphere is fast-paced and agile, shifting rapidly to meet the pressing needs of our customers. Team mentality, excellent work ethic, initiative, innovation, and an entrepreneurial spirit are key factors to your success here. G3 Technologies Inc offers generous benefits, including:  Generous and Flexible Vacation/Paid Time Off plan  Company- paid Medical and Prescription benefits  Company-paid Dental benefits  Company-paid Vision benefits  Flexible Spending health account (FSA)  Tuition Assistance  401k matching  Life Insurance  Long-term Disability  Employee Assistance Program (EAP)  Additional voluntary benefits are available We have several exciting new opportunities available at our suburban New Providence, NJ location. We are located in New Providence, NJ (30 miles west of NYC), and within walking distance of NJ Transit’s Murray Hill Train Station. If you are interested, send your resume to admin.nst@g3ti.net.	Software and Wireless Protocols Engineer IV	G3 Technologies, Inc.	New Providence	NJ	New Providence, NJ	G3 Technologies, Inc.	Thu, 05 Nov 2015 18:49:13 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=af1a366eddced40a&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1ZvI9QGrKGn30s8zIc05vBJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke5mo551dlfb5
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Animoto is looking for a Software Engineer ready to focus on analytics and data warehousing. In the role of Data Engineer, you will design and implement data systems. You’ll create dimensional data models and scaleable systems. You’ll explore structured and unstructured data in order to gain valuable, actionable, business insights. As the owner of Animoto.com’s data infrastructure, you’ll produce the information and tools to help leadership across functions translate their products and questions into metrics, analysis, reports, and recommendations. You’ll be the voice of reality, helping push Animoto to the next level. What we’re looking for: Exposure to both high level (i.e. ruby, python) and low level (i.e. java, scala) languages About 3 years of experience using SQL, big data tools such as Hadoop, and ETL tools. Knowledge of Splunk or other elastic search tools Smart, quick, and creative: an engineer who will dig deep into the system and find various ways to improve it; who has not only an understanding of how web technologies work today, but where they are going in the future. You are highly analytical, ask the right questions, and are a true self-starter Ability to thrive in a fast paced, collaborative, high growth startup environment Great communication skills BS in Computer Science or related engineering fields What we have for you: ➼ A Powerful Product . We are a New York based tech company that strives to help users share their lives using the magic of video. We have over 7 million users, both consumers and businesses, a web-based video editor, mobile apps, and integrations with various partners like Shutterfly. We have a patented artificial intelligence machine, have contributed significant pieces to the Open Source community, and are a hub for tech community workshops and meetups ➼ Great team and career opportunity . Animoto is a seasoned and professional team of business leaders, engineers, and entrepreneurs. With the team under 100 people, we are small enough for this role to work across all areas in the company and to make a huge impact but established enough to offer guidance along the way and the support you need to do your job. ➼ We have great benefits. Great salary, equity, 15 days of Paid Time Off, paid Holidays, 401k, 100% paid medical, dental and vision (for you and your family), Flexible Spending Account, TransitChek, paid volunteer day, fully stocked kitchen, upgraded Amazon Prime and Pandora accounts, beer for you and your friends, field trips, and full use of the crockpots for the chili cookoff! ↝ Ah, if you are aren't working in a nearby park, you'll enjoy our awesome office - http://www.businessinsider.com/animotos-nyc-office-2013-4 . ↝ Voted Crain's Best Places to Work ( "Heaven for fun-loving, creative types") ↝ Some more reasons to work at Animoto! http://animoto.com/about/careers You must be legally authorized to work in the US. We are an EEO company. We are the eye of the tiger. Must enjoy fun and have a thirst for learning new things. Tell us why you are good for this role. We look forward to hearing from you and hope to be seeing you soon at Animoto!	Software Engineer, Data Services	Animoto	New York	NY	New York, NY	Animoto	Mon, 02 Nov 2015 13:04:00 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=03bf8a2dee7277c8&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1ZvI9QGrKGn30s8zIc05vBJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke5mo551dlfb5
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Please Enable Cookies to Continue Please enable cookies in your browser to experience all the personalized features of this site, including the ability to apply for a job. Returning Candidate? Log back in! Principal Software Engineer eCommerce Principal Software Engineer eCommerce Job ID 1559 # Positions 1 Location US - NY - New York City Experience (Years) .. Category .. More information about this job Overview Tacit Knowledge is a team of software developers, analysts and project managers who build websites and mobile apps for the brands and services you use everyday. We pull off these minor feats of engineering wizardry by assembling a team of brilliant yet humble software professionals. We are looking for a technical leader who can lead this group to greater heights, while earning the respect of engineers and clients through significant contribution to enterprise development deliverables. Our business is technical consulting in the digital commerce field. This means building award winning commerce sites and experiences on top of standard enterprise platforms such as SAP-hybris, Demandware and Adobe Experience Manager. It also means exceptional attention to software project delivery detail, and obsessive automation. We are based out of San Francisco, New York, London and Sydney, with near-shore employees in Mexico and Moldova. Responsibilities Responsibilities Assume engineering leadership of a group of software consultants who will look to you for best delivery practice and technical guidance, ensuring understanding of the architecture and engineering approaches. Serve as technical lead/architect on eCommerce implementation projects for our high profile clients or on internal research projects. In this role, you will balance team technical growth development and project success accountability by mentoring them and assigning good mix of tasks that allow the team to contribute and grow to become future technical leads. Member of our Technical Advisory Panel and participate in thought leadership discussion, evaluating adjacent technology with CTO that charts the future direction of the company. Screen and recruit local new members and part of performance review process for the technical team Become a trusted advisor to our clients, acting as their go-to resource for technical and strategic advice. Assist our pre-sales team in winning new clients, and responding to RFPs and RFIs. In general, become a key contributor to the technical and business success of the firm. Qualifications Required Core Capabilities: Master level developer with many years of full stack coding experience and a desire to continue to contribute through code. Candidates should be at home with Agile delivery methodology and a combination of skills in: Core Java with exposure to both Spring and OSGI frameworks. Web development experience, including JavaScript, HTML and CSS. Database experience with SQL and a variety of major database vendors and solutions, including ORM solutions like Hibernate. SOAP/XML/JSON and other common data exchange formats. Web Service consumption and development experience. Solid *nix OS and OS X command line skills, including git. Other Required Skills Successful track record as a technical lead or architect on multiple enterprise grade software delivery projects, with a strong preference for experience in the eCommerce domain. Passionate about producing and ensuring the highest quality code, including measuring quality and deliverables, while respecting software as a craft. Ability to mentor in a team environment and communicate with clients effectively across a range of industries with diverse technologies - your bliss is helping other people get better. Self­-starter with strong problem solving skills and the ability to articulate concise solutions. Passion for contributing to a culture of learning and experience developing highly skilled teams of software developers to reach technical and developmental goals, while ensuring projects are realistic, interesting and fun - for everyone involved. Dedication to client success and satisfaction. Comfortable with a travel expectation of approximately 25%. Nice to Have Skills Is somewhat of a veteran in the field of eCommerce and Web Content Management systems development. Bonus points for hybris, Demandware and/or AEM development experience. Has developed configuration-as-code solutions using tools such as Chef and Vagrant. Has served on the site support team for a Production site. Can explain the difference between Continuous Integration and Continuous Deployment, and other SDLC strategies. A focus and belief in TDD, software quality, and object good citizen principles An established industry thought-leader who regularly attends and/or presents at industry conferences and meet-ups. Interest in big data solutions, dynamic languages, and functional programming Comfortable working with polylingual toolsets Contribution to Open Source initiatives and projects. Mobile development experience in iOS/Android. Experience with designing for and developing against No-SQL databases and storage vendors. Educational Qualifications BS degree in Computer Science or related field. Masters or advanced degree preferred. Options Apply for this job online Apply Refer Email this job to a friend Email Refer a LinkedIn connection Share on your newsfeed Connect With Us! Not ready to apply? Connect with us to receive updates on jobs and stay informed of opportunities without applying for a specific position.	Principal Software Engineer eCommerce	Newgistics, Inc.	New York	NY	New York, NY	Newgistics, Inc.	Thu, 08 Oct 2015 20:40:34 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=7c58ba5ebf02bd1d&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1ZvI9QGrKGn30s8zIc05vBJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke5mo551dlfb5
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	219 South Street Suite 202 New Providence, NJ 07974 www.g3ti.net Send resumes to: admin.nst@g3ti.net Graphical User Interface and Applications Engineer Position Responsibilities  Transform high level user and customer requirements for complex system functionality into streamlined, architected graphical user interfaces that are tailored to the specific end user’s operational needs  Develop dynamic, vibrant user interfaces to foster smooth oper ation and user education.  Design and implement custom messaging protocols using appropriate communications tools such as XML, JSON, etc..  Interface with G3 proprietary components and third party soft ware and hardware components and systems such as mapping and visualization tools and packages, databases, etc.  Travel to other G3 Locations or Customer Sites as necessary Skills and Knowledge:  Strong knowledge of Java or C++ as well as higher order languages such as Python  Linux/Unix expertise and application development experience  Web Application development using HTML/CSS, AJAX, Google Web Tool kit, Node.js, PHP, JavaScript, SQL,Apache  Excellent verbal and written communications skills  Ability to work independently and balance requirements and objectives from various sources  Windows development experience using Microsoft Visual Studio and the .NET Framework Additional Desired Skills  Mobile phone development: Android, IOS, Windows Mobile, Symbian, J2ME, etc.  Experience with Raspberry Pi of similar platforms Minimum Education and Experience:  Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering or Electrical Engineering and 4-6 years of related experience or an equivalent combination of education, skills and experience  Advanced degree preferred 219 South Street Suite 202 New Providence, NJ 07974 www.g3ti.net Send resumes to: admin.nst@g3ti.net About G3 Technologies, Inc. G3 Technologies, Inc. is a dynamic company providing state-of-the-art wireless technology solutions, specializing in software development, cellular technology, wireless protocols, signal processing and systems integration. We are a nimble, non-burea ucratic company characterized by technological innovation, extraordinary effort, and dedication to our customers, employees, and suppliers. The atmosphere is fast-paced and agile, shifting rapidly to meet the pressing needs of our customers. Team mentality, excellent work ethic, initiative, innovation, and an entrepreneurial spirit are key factors to your success here. G3 Technologies Inc offers generous benefits, including:  Generous and Flexible Vacation/Paid Time Off plan  Company- paid Medical and Prescription benefits  Company-paid Dental benefits  Company-paid Vision benefits  Flexible Spending health account (FSA)  Tuition Assistance  401k matching  Life Insurance  Long-term Disability  Employee Assistance Program (EAP)  Additional voluntary benefits are available We have several exciting new opportunities available at our suburban New Providence, NJ location. We are located in New Providence, NJ (30 miles west of NYC), and within walking distance of NJ Transit’s Murray Hill Train Station. If you are interested, send your resume to admin.nst@g3ti.net.	GUI and Application Software Engineer	G3 Technologies, Inc.	New Providence	NJ	New Providence, NJ	G3 Technologies, Inc.	Thu, 05 Nov 2015 18:49:14 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=f19719a93dee159b&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1ZvI9QGrKGn30s8zIc05vBJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke5mo551dlfb5
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	As a Senior Software Engineer at Dering Hall, you will be responsible for full-stack architecture and development on a number of initiatives, ranging from product data management to RESTful API integration to luxurious interactive user experiences. We are an agile and lean software development team and place great value on transparency, feedback, and the constant testing and iteration of our ideas and code. In addition to building highly scalable and responsive software, you will also be responsible for bringing innovation to Dering Hall’s technology, team, and processes through collaboration with all members of our organization. Skills &amp; Requirements We are looking for exceptional software engineers with experience in the following areas. The quantity of your experience is not nearly as important as the quality of it. Code samples and shipped products speak volumes to us. Ruby on Rails HTML/CSS/Javascript - jQuery, SASS, etc RDBMS - data modeling, normalization, indexing, performance tuning Other data storage (Mongo, Redis, Memcache) RESTful APIs Search System architecture Source control - Git Issue tracking Agile/Lean development Hosting - EngineYard, Heroku, AWS, etc Data analytics Data visualization Passion for high-end décor and interior design is a plus. About Dering Hall Dering Hall, http://www.deringhall.com , is changing the way interior designers, architects, and sophisticated consumers discover and shop for high-end home furnishings. We make it easier for design professionals to contact and buy directly from showrooms, artisans, and brands located around the world. Dering Hall also markets the services of top-tier interior designers and architects to sophisticated consumers through its designer directory. Dering Hall charges all of its members—namely brands and design professionals—a monthly subscription fee. In turn, we promote the products and work of our members via digital marketing, social media, and a robust editorial section geared towards educating design professionals and consumers on the value of high-end products and professional design services. If you are passionate about using technology to help people create beautiful and luxurious living spaces, then Dering Hall is looking for you.	Lead Rails Software Engineer - Fullstack	Dering Hall	New York	NY	New York, NY	StackOverflow Jobs	Thu, 29 Oct 2015 20:45:21 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=b399c3792b74b6b0&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1ZvI9QGrKGn30s8zIc05vBJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke5mo551dlfb5
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Job Location Morristown, NJ Job Description Investment Technology's goal is to provide smart, efficient, and quality technology solutions, along with superior customer service. The individual looking to fill this role will lead the effort associated with building solutions supporting critical Investments initiatives aiming to globalize platforms, centralize and streamline business processing, and improve application performance with focus on Securities Accounting. Job Duties Work with the IT team to build-out solutions based on well-defined user-requirements. Leads the technical design and development of cross-functional, multiplatform application systems. Analyzes, defines and documents requirements for data, workflow, logical processes, hardware and operating system environment, Ensures that expected application performance levels are achieved. As appropriate; designs and codes business process models; designs and codes business rules and algorithms. Performs related duties as assigned or requested. Analyzes complex business needs presented by the user community and/or clients and recommends technical solutions Codes, tests, debugs, documents, maintains, and modifies complex applications programs. Ensures the consistency and maintainability of existing applications by creating, maintaining, and enforcing standards/procedures for implementing technical solutions Designs, code and unit test plans where applicable Supervisory Responsibilities: None. Mentors and leads technical staff. May lead a matrixed team. Reviews work products from team and vendor consultants. Required Skills: 7+ years of experience exhibiting expertise with MSFT technologies to include .NET, C#, SQL Server, SSIS, SSRS &amp; SSAS Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, Information Systems or other related field At least 7 years exhibiting development, design, coding &amp; testing experience with the MSFT stack At least 3 years of experience providing direction to technical staff in a corporate/matrixed environment. At least 3 years’ experience leading projects of varying sizes and scopes Preferred Skills Experience and knowledge of batch processing and schedulers Ability to interface with customers at varying levels Experience in a financial/investments environment Experience Required Seven to Ten Years Education Required Bachelors Degree Business Category Investments Job Category Information Technology Number of Openings 1 Equal Employment Opportunity MetLife is a proud equal opportunity/affirmative action employer committed to attracting, retaining, and maximizing the performance of a diverse and inclusive workforce. It is MetLife’s policy to ensure equal employment opportunity without discrimination or harassment based on race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, disability, national origin, marital or domestic/civil partnership status, genetic information, citizenship status, uniformed service member or veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. How To Apply Mobile Users: If viewing on a mobile device and would like to apply, please email job to yourself and complete application from a desktop/laptop. Desktop/Laptop Users: For immediate consideration, click Apply Now button below. You will be directed to complete an on-line profile which takes 15 – 20 minutes to complete. Upon completion, you will receive an automated confirmation email verifying you have successfully applied to the job. About MetLife What you probably know about MetLife is that we are one of the world's largest insurance providers. What you may not know is that while we have global scale, we're also surprisingly nimble. So nimble that in three months our Global Technology &amp; Operations group developed and implemented a new MongoDB/NoSQL application that aggregates data across 70 legacy systems, storing 24 terabytes of data and handling 45 million agreements with 140 million transactions. It's like being at a start-up, only with resources to make sure everything is done right. Our work spans the spectrum – from front- end HTML5/CSS3 UIs to highly-scalable cloud-ready applications to big-data predictive analytics – and everything in between.	Principal Software Engineer	MetLife	Morristown	NJ	Morristown, NJ	MetLife	Sat, 07 Nov 2015 14:28:46 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=76827f7929eb0256&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1ZvI9QGrKGn30s8zIc05vBJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke5mo551dlfb5
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	“Be Your Own Customer.” Squarespace is built using Squarespace. Our entire business relies on the same platform and tools our customers pay us for. To that end, we build products and design experiences we would want for ourselves. The same philosophy applies to developing our own internal products and applications. The Internal Tools team is responsible for building the services that power the growth and operational effectiveness of Squarespace as a company and culture. We’re looking for full-stack engineers who are passionate about building dynamic applications from the ground up, interfacing with a diverse user base, and scaling the product suite to meet the needs of a growing organization. Qualifications Mastery of a backend programming language with preference towards Python Experience designing and building multi-tiered applications and RESTful services Proficiency in JavaScript with experience building UIs with modern frameworks like React, Angular, Ember, Backbone, etc... Solid knowledge of testing/continuous delivery practices Familiarity or exposure with metrics-driven application monitoring Ability to understand and translate user needs into a fluid technical solution 	Software Engineer - Internal Products	Squarespace	New York	NY	New York, NY	Squarespace	Thu, 08 Oct 2015 19:52:33 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=2df7e762505edecf&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1ZvI9QGrKGn30s8zIc05vBJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke5mo551dlfb5
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	GrubHub Holdings Inc. is the nation's leading online and mobile food-ordering company dedicated to connecting hungry diners with local takeout restaurants. The GrubHub Holdings Inc. portfolio of brands includes GrubHub, Seamless, MenuPages and Allmenus. The company's online and mobile ordering platforms allow diners to order directly from thousands of takeout restaurants across the country and London, and every order is supported by the company's 24/7 customer service. GrubHub Holdings Inc. has offices in Chicago, New York City and London. With a career at GrubHub Holdings Inc., you can order your cake and eat it, too! Our Quality Assurance Engineers are an integral part of the GrubHub Holdings Inc. technology team. As a QA Engineer you will ensure that the functionality that makes its way from developers' computers and into the wild meets the high expectations of both our stakeholders and our customers. Quality is something that impacts every aspect of the technology team's daily duties and so you will be helping keep that to a high standard no matter what the task. Testing is of course one aspect of that, but it's also so much more. RESPONSIBILITIES: In this role, you'll be embedded in an autonomous team comprised of developers, product managers, devops, and design. You'll create our automated QA strategy (and help us implement it), code review integration tests from the development team, and continually look to improve our testing and deployment strategies across APIs and UIs. We expect our toolset to change, so while it’s great if you’ve got experience with Gatling, Protractor, and AWS we’re really looking for aptitude and solid fundamentals. That means knowing what typical service architectures look like, and the basics of HTTP. Job Requirements REQUIREMENTS: If finding a bug doesn't make you all giddy inside, then please don't bother applying. We want someone who relishes the hunt and feels truly rewarded once they've uncovered something - doubly so if it's reaaallly nasty Basic linux experience Strong Java (or a similar OO language) coding experience, ideally 2+ yrs Knowledge of web services (extra points for being up to speed on modern micro-services) You should have a strong desire to automate as much as humanly possible Strong problem solving ability Experience writing integration tests (we use Gatling at the moment, but specific Gatling experience isn’t required) Experience creating QA strategies (How can we pull off testing in production?) Experience creating test cases that include both happy path and all manner of edge cases Excellent communication skills GrubHub Seamless is an EQUAL EMPLOYMENT OPPORTUNITY/AFFIRMATIVE ACTION employer.	GrubHub - Software Engineer, QA Automation	Illinois Technology Association	New York	NY	New York, NY	Illinois Technology Association	Thu, 29 Oct 2015 17:39:32 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=3654c1692cfcd423&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1ZvI9QGrKGn30s8zIc05vBJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke5mo551dlfb5
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Small, autonomous teams. Decentralized decision­making. Scala. NoSQL. Team ownership of end ­to ­end quality. Support for open source technologies. A friction­ free production environment. Distributed systems. Continuous delivery. Simplicity. Automation. These are some of the key ingredients of Gilt’s robust technology culture. If this all sounds good to you, then keep reading! The Opportunity As a Gilt Senior Software Engineer, your main responsibility is to write concise, clear, flexible code, but you’ll do much more than that. You’ll demonstrate and communicate technical best practices and influence others to do the same. You will use a number of great technologies including AWS, Docker, Jenkins, Mongo...and the typesage platform. You’ll help us identify new ways to innovate without adding processes or management overhead. And you’ll be encouraged to take risks and challenge yourself in new ways, from developing your own open-­source projects to submitting proposals to prestigious tech conferences. Technical Requirements: ∙ Fluency in a functional, imperative and object-­oriented language, especially Scala or Java ∙ Source code management skills (Git) ∙ Familiarity with SQL and relational databases (PostgreSQL, MySQL, etc) and NoSQL databases (MongoDB, DynamoDB, etc) ∙ Fluency in web standards (HTTP, JSON) and RESTful APIs ∙ Experience using Linux/Unix, CentOS, Ubuntu, and Mac OS ∙ Familiarity with deployment and continuous integration technologies, and container technologies such as Docker. A Gilt Senior Software Engineer is someone who: ∙ mentors others ∙ makes informed decisions quickly, and takes ownership of services and applications at scale ∙ is passionate about great technologies, especially open source ∙ works collaboratively with others to achieve goals ∙ is a persistent, creative problem­solver ∙ remains cool and effective in a crisis ∙ is on the leading edge of development paradigms ∙ is passionate about building a micro­services architecture ∙ not only understands business needs, but also knows how to create the tools to manage them Since Gilt’s founding in 2007, we’ve shifted from a monolithic Rails app to a system of hundreds of small services built in Scala. This evolution has enabled our team to achieve much faster release cycles than ever before, decreasing from days to minutes. Managing such a large number of services produces unique challenges. In addition the nature of our business provides it’s own set of concerns ranging from a daily ddos from customers to a growing footprint of dynamic personalization. There is always something new to learn. Our Culture: We’re very passionate about preserving our culture of trust and autonomy. Anyone on our team can publish to our Tech Blog , give a presentation, develop an open source project, attend or speak at a conference, spend funds in the team budget, organize a meetup, or invite someone interesting over to our office for coffee and a chat. We embrace our creativity and are open to embracing yours. During the interview process we hope to learn something from you: expertise about a new technology, for example, or insight into a trend. What’s your potential? What can you bring that no one else can? What open source projects can you share with us? We can’t wait to hear from you!	Senior Software Engineer	Gilt Groupe	New York	NY	New York, NY	Gilt Groupe	Fri, 09 Oct 2015 08:41:00 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=f0ad1f73dd1d7f7c&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1ZvI9QGrKGn30s8zIc05vBJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke5mo551dlfb5
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Etsy is seeking a Full Stack Software Engineer to join our Software Engineering team. Our marketplace has an abundance of one-of-a-kind items from independent artists, designers and vintage collectors from around the world. Our challenge? Make it easier for buyers to find these remarkable goods, and in turn, support our sellers’ independent businesses. Do you have the code-writing capabilities to take on this task? And to succeed with gusto? About the Team The technical staff at Etsy believes that code is craft, good software and systems designs are works of art, and that the work we do is part of larger creative culture represented by the hundreds of thousands of inspired artists and designers who make Etsy such a wondrous marketplace. We believe that small, empowered, self-motivated teams can do big things. We also believe in the right tool for the job, not language-as-religion. Our current systems run PHP, Java, Python, Ruby, Solr/Lucene, Postgres, MySQL, and more. Check out our Engineering blog: http://codeascraft.etsy.com/ About the Job You'll be helping us build new and awesome experiences for people shopping on Etsy. We're looking for full-stack engineers - you'll be dealing with the MySQL, Memcache, PHP, and front-end stuff (HTML/CSS/JS). The teams working on each feature are pretty small (a few engineers, a designer, and a product manager), so there's a lot of meaningful collaboration. Because we're making user-facing features, we believe strongly in collecting and analyzing numerical data to help guide our decisions. To that end, you'll be able to use our in-house analytics tools to gather information and gain insights. You'll also be able to use Etsy's Continuous Deployment architecture to push code to production whenever you please (and you'll probably push on your first day here). About You You’re an engineer who can turn ideas into extremely fast and reliable code that other people – or you, six months into the future – will find easy to comprehend and modify. You believe in the connective power of Etsy’s peer-to-peer marketplace, and know how to create the code that will make it stronger. You will be successful in this role if you: Enjoy helping others around you grow as developers and be successful Have excellent written and verbal communication skills Can be autonomous and self-driven Get inspired on a daily basis, think of new ideas and like to share them with others Love to experiment and use data to drive decision making Take pleasure in making things, momentum, chaos, vibrancy, spontaneity, debate and silence What’s Next If you're interested in joining the team, please send us your resume. You won’t be surprised to hear, though, that we won’t consider it without a cover letter. Let us know how you fit the bill for each of our requirements above. Etsy is a place that values individuality and variety, so use your judgment and write to us in your own voice. If you have a presence on the web that we can easily access (Twitter, Facebook, rap sheet), contribute to an open source project, write a blog, or practice another craft besides designing beautiful, functional websites, that means something to us, we’d love to hear about it.	Full Stack Software Engineer	Etsy	Brooklyn	NY	Brooklyn, NY	Etsy	Sun, 25 Oct 2015 06:17:00 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=db3aa0f3dc7879cb&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1ZvI9QGrKGn30s8zIc05vBJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke5mo551dlfb5
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	About Transfix: Transfix is a VC-backed on-demand truckload shipping marketplace. We are disrupting traditional freight brokers by bringing transparency, automation and efficiency to an industry that has traditionally lacked all three. This is a huge industry--$600 Billion in the US alone--that is still dominated by old-school businesses that we have set out to transform with technology. Transfix has been funded by leading VC’s and angel investors, is about to pass $1 million in monthly revenue and is aggressively hiring top talent to help us succeed during our next phase of growth. Come join our team and help us solve some interesting and difficult real-world problems! Responsibilities: Identify issues and implement solutions to complex problems in large scale backend infrastructure and mobile platforms Analyze &amp; solve difficult problems across the stack Work closely with operations and infrastructure to build high scale backend services Requirements: 5+ years of previous software development experience Proficiency with: Ruby, Rails Experience with mobile app development Experience with full stack development Company benefits: Joining the Transfix team means joining a high-growth startup at a very early stage All employees awarded generous stock options Competitive base salaries Medical, dental and life insurance Paid vacation and holidays Free catered lunch every day, plus snacks, soda, beer and all the water you can drink 	Software Engineer	Transfix	New York	NY	New York, NY	Transfix	Tue, 20 Oct 2015 21:20:28 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=aedace9be93481be&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1ZvI9QGrKGn30s8zIc05vBJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke5mo551dlfb5
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	About Us We know that creativity doesn't happen on-demand. Developing cutting-edge cloud technology takes great minds and talented people working together in a collaborative environment. That is why we are committed to fostering an innovative, agile company culture; we encourage our teams to come together and experiment with new concepts, research new approaches and test out new technologies. On our quest to strengthen our position as the premier technology company in the life sciences space, we are looking for highly skilled &amp; committed professionals. Our mission? To put innovative technology and insightful data into researchers’ hands to help them safely get new treatments to market faster with lower risk and cost. We’re proud to say we are the leader in application software for the clinical development process, tackling real-world problems and making a real difference in the lives of patients everywhere. The Company With the current transformation in the life sciences industry, we are at the forefront of providing an advanced clinical development platform for our clients to further improve the accuracy, timeliness and ease of the data collection process. That means better treatments can reach waiting patients sooner. We are publicly traded (MDSO) with over 450 customers, customer retention rates above 98%, and the experience of supporting more than 9,500 clinical trials. We are still led by Co-founders, Tarek Sherif and Glen de Vries, and have global operations in the US, Europe and Asia. Purpose The Software Engineer Function is responsible for hands-on development of Medidata’s software applications. The Engineer is one who works very quickly to resolve high impact, challenging, engineering problems while continuously raising the standard of quality in our products and services in a full solutions-oriented SaaS environment. Main Duties: • Develop software applications and associated artifacts such as unit tests, installation programs and test automation code • Apply good technical practices such as continuous integration, test automation, source code control and review • Provide diagnostic support and bug fixing for software applications • Follow Medidata’s Standard Operating Procedures to ensure all software meets regulatory and company requirements • Work with Agile team members, particularly Software Quality Assurance and Product Management, to write clear, concise and comprehensive feature files • Participate in Agile working practices such as daily scrum meetings, sprint planning meetings, reviews and retrospectives Skills/Requirements: • Utilizes appropriate methods to solve problems in an accurate and efficient manner • Effectively communicates technical information and processes to relevant stakeholders (e.g., cross-functional groups, clients) • Effectively executes processes associated with the software development life cycle • Demonstrates appropriate knowledge of relevant concepts, applications, and programming languages • Attend all appropriate team meetings • Provides estimates in backlog grooming • Identify tasks in planning • Contribute to scenario writing • Actively contribute at retrospectives • Participate in experimental changes in organizational process arising from retrospectives • Apply simple platform design principles locally • Extend service contracts • Apply BDD/TDD. Apply simple patterns • Be aware of the impact of design on performance, e.g. through algorithmic complexity, N+1 fetching, etc • Competent in tech stack of choice • Deliver new areas of functionality • Create unit tests and step definitions for test automation where appropriate. • Participate in experimental changes in implementation process arising from retrospectives • Submit pull requests and respond appropriately • Perform local refactoring under the guidance of senior colleagues • Initiate automated deployment to test environments. • Access production logs. • Diagnose issues while dealing with initial uncertainty and incomplete information • Identify root causes • Create fixes with unit tests where appropriate • Provide technical impact assessment • Read documentation and internal blogs • Attend team presentations • Participate as mentee Experience: • Four-year college degree preferred; major in computer science, information systems or life sciences a plus • 2+ years of experience with relevant programming technologies, such as C#, Ruby, SQL • Experience developing and/or maintaining a production application • Experience working in a regulated environment preferred • Experience with clinical research processes preferred • Experience working with Agile methods such as Scrum preferred Medidata Solutions, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Medidata Solutions provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, national origin, age, disability, or status as a veteran. Medidata Solutions complies with applicable state and local laws governing non-discrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities. *LI-SN 	Applications Engineer (Software Engineer)	Medidata Solutions	New York	NY	New York, NY	Medidata Solutions	Fri, 23 Oct 2015 05:06:01 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=ca7dcc1fe4e068f5&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1ZvI9QGrKGn30s8zIc05vBJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke5mo551dlfb5
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Barnes &amp; Noble, Inc. (NYSE: BKS) is a Fortune 500 company, the nation’s largest retail bookseller, and a leading retailer of content, digital media and educational products with annual revenues of more than $4 billion. The Company operates 648 Barnes &amp; Noble bookstores in 50 states, and one of the Web’s premier e-commerce sites, BN.com (www.bn.com). Our Nook Digital business offers a lineup of popular NOOK® tablets and eReaders and an expansive collection of digital reading and entertainment content through the NOOK Store® (www.nook.com). It’s no secret why Barnes &amp; Noble is among the best-loved and most-respected brands in the country. From becoming the first bookseller in America to discount books in the 1970s to establishing the superstore concept in the 1990s to the launch of NOOK and our current merchandise expansion into areas like educational toys and games and curated gifts, Barnes &amp; Noble continues to revolutionize the retail industry. Over the past few years, we have dynamically transformed our business from a store-based model to a multi-channel model centered on our retail stores, e-commerce and digital. Our multi-channel distribution platform provides customers easy and convenient access to print and digital books, magazines, newspapers, and entertainment content, along with a diverse product selection that rivals any specialty retailer. In addition, we have implemented a variety of innovative merchandising initiatives that continue to grow store traffic and sales. With corporate offices in New York City, Westbury, NY, and Santa Clara, CA, we offer a wide range of opportunities in various disciplines, including merchandising, book buying, marketing, digital, engineering, information technology, finance and accounting. Our distribution centers in Monroe, NJ, and Reno, NV, offer challenging opportunities in distribution, logistics and more, while our state-of-the-art customer service center in Lyndhurst, NJ, features opportunities for customer service professionals. And our Sterling Publishing subsidiary in New York City provides exciting opportunities in the publishing field. We're passionate about our people and profession and are investing in all areas of our business, so the opportunities to make an impact based on your interests, skills and talents have never been greater. If you have a focus on customer satisfaction, teamwork, and enjoy the free exchange of ideas, consider joining our team. Responsibilities: Developing web applications, services and integrating different enterprise applications in a scalable and reusable manner. Utilizing application servers, such as JBoss in order to implement the proposed solution. Utilizing various application integration techniques to communicate with third party and legacy/back-end systems. Requirements: 7+ years experience in design and development of high-volume, high-performance, high-availability, service-oriented Java applications using proven Java frameworks and technologies. Experience in code reviews, prioritizing task and managing them based on business requirements Design and develop scalable web-services using SOAP or Restful services. Design and develop reusable libraries and APIs. Java technologies: Java EE/J2EE, EJB3.0, JSP, Servlets, JDBC, JMS, JSON, JUNIT, Detailed knowledge of Service Oriented Architecture (SOA), Enterprise Service Bus (ESB), Object Oriented Analysis and Design/Development (OOA/OOD). Other Framework/Technologies: JPA, Hibernate, Spring, Git, Java Executor. JVM Semantics/ Knowledge in Garbage Collection, Performance tuning and Multithreading. Experience using message queuing systems. Integration experience (examples: Ordering systems, Inventory systems, catalogue systems). Ability to build dashboards for application metrics and health monitoring. Application Server (such as JBoss ) experience and Web Server (Apache and IIS) knowledge. Oracle database experience including transaction management, SQL programming, schema design. Relevant O/S knowledge (Linux/Unix and Windows). Networking knowledge and experience. Ability to design new systems by mapping, tracing data and diagnosing issues across systems Ability to identify issues, support and provide real time solutions for them. Ability to communicate effectively in English, with good verbal and written skills. Ability to build rapport with team members and clients. Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science (or similar) Additional skills desired: Prior ATG experience a plus. We are an Equal Opportunity Employer of females, minorities, individuals with disabilities and protected veterans.	Senior Software Engineer	Barnes & Noble	New York	NY	New York, NY	Barnes & Noble	Fri, 09 Oct 2015 20:53:40 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=50d8f0a834db8d03&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1ZvI9QGrKGn30s8zIc05vBJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke5mo551dlfb5
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	W E AT C ONSUMER R EPORTS know our employees are our greatest source of customer value and organizational success. After all, it’s their work that creates our presence and represents our brand to the world. Consumer Reports is one of the most distinguished and historically important non-profit organizations in the United States, and our accomplishments as an organization are entirely attributable to the talent we have attracted, and most important, have retained. Consumer Reports offers a dynamic, forward-thinking environment that is committed to developing and curating a culture of results. We invest in our people and have in place an adaptive framework and support system that aggressively encourages innovation, original solutions, and team achievement at every turn. Some key highlights that demonstrate the change journey we have undertaken include and highlight characteristics of how we work that may appeal to you: Our organization is going through a comprehensive transition to Agile tactics in every aspect of our business. Our Mobile development team recently changed the way we design software, engage our customer base, and how we interact as a team. The results have been dramatic and clarifying, and our Mobile team has reached new summits in productivity, effective collaboration, and genuine team happiness. We have started to roll out these Agile tactics for Product Development across the organization. We are rebuilding our entire digital product suite starting with our flagship Consumer Reports Online web site – a subscription based information service with over 3.5 million paid subscribers. For two years in a row now we have organized hackathons at Consumer Reports where we have had over 75 engineers, product managers and designers come together for a day and hack away at their product ideas. Each time, over 25 product concepts/ideas were developed in a day and at the end of the event the teams got to present those ideas to a panel of judges to win cool prizes. S O THERE YOU HAVE IT . Are you interested in joining a team to reimagine our Digital Products? It’s not a challenge akin to the Marine Corps or anything, but we have high standards, and we work hard. The upside is that you’ll be joining a truly remarkable group of people who will have your back, who will support you and even occasionally inspire you, who will become your great friends. That is unusual. Plus, you’ll have the professional latitude to show your stuff, and to make a creative difference. The Role: The Full Stack Software Engineer is a key member of the Agile team responsible for designing and building software components for the delivery of web applications to millions of Consumer Reports users. This role involves working hand-in-hand with business units to build state of the art scalable and robust web applications that are consumer centric. Our development environments leverage Java, Clojure, Spring framework, application servers, multi-threading and modern web technologies, JavaScript libraries, AJAX, JSON, HTML5/CSS3 and responsive design. Additionally, we utilize backbone.js, angular.js or other MV* frameworks. Qualifications Include: Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or related fields with two years of relevant experience. Experience in software development, modern design patterns and web technologies under e-commerce enabled environments using multi-tier architectures. Experience with development environments that leverage Java, Spring framework or Ruby on Rails. Experience with modern web technologies, JavaScript libraries, AJAX, JSON, HTML5/CSS3 and responsive design. Exposure to backbone.js, ember.js, angular.js or other MV* frameworks. Working knowledge of Unix environments, including shell scripting such as Perl or Python. Agile tools and methodologies, including continuous deployment and rapid integration. Experience in documentation, developing and maintaining large-scale, high-visibility systems. Ability to solve complex technical problems and effectively communicate solutions to system architects, peers and management. Experience with high volume, high-availability applications and systems. Key Responsibilities: Design, develop, implement, and test software modules and other technology components for consumerreports.org and related customer-facing web properties using agile software development practices. Develop and implement payment, billing and/or dynamic content delivery systems. Analyze business requirements, provide development estimates and feedback, and determine implementation/execution approaches. Work with other software engineers, database developers, infrastructure, operations and QA teams to design and implement quality software solutions. Support, troubleshoot, monitor and optimize existing software systems. Help streamline software development by contributing to implementation of a continual integration process, automating manual processes, and eliminating defects. Performs other duties as assigned but not at a higher level. 	Full Stack Software Engineer	Consumer Reports	Yonkers	NY	Yonkers, NY	Consumer Reports	Thu, 29 Oct 2015 22:21:33 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=9b7b3f14288d3c57&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1ZvI9QGrKGn30s8zIc05vBJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke5mo551dlfb5
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	SHOO-IN (SIL) is an educational service firm located in New York City. The company is founded by a group of Wall Street bankers who left their positions in pursuit of enhancing young professionals for the financial industry. SIL specializes in providing employment strategy solutions for aspiring financial professionals throughout the U.S. Projects: We are building up an online marketplace to match industry professionals and job seekers. Looking for excellent tech nerds join the team and work with project manager and senior software engineer. Skills needed: You should be familiar with PHP language and MySQL. Experience with Ajix, Json, JQuery, Javascript, CSS, HTML, API, Bootstraping would be preferred. Job Type: Internship/Full-time Required experience: Computer Science: 1 year Required education: Bachelor's 	Software Engineer Intern	SHOO-IN LLC	New York	NY	New York, NY	Indeed	Thu, 15 Oct 2015 18:39:12 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=d3cdec6aff2e5aea&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1ZvI9QGrKGn30s8zIc05vBJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke5mo551dlfb5
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Have you been multitasking playing TwoDots, saving kittens and writing your own robot-controlling apps in your spare time, just to stave off boredom? Sounds like you’re ready for a challenge that impacts product and meaningfully puts you on the ground level of a great business. If so, we’d like to meet you. VenueBook is a rapidly growing start-up rolling out new products and tech at all times. Our team is thoughtful and bad*ss, because that’s what it takes to get the job done. What you will be responsible for: Working on different features that combine multiple technologies in our stack, writing production quality code in Python, SQL (and perhaps some JavaScript- it’s inevitable these days) Involvement in the entire software lifecycle, from inception and architecture, to implementation, testing, and of course, continued maintenance Helping to collaborate on some of our toughest technical challenges: you'll be at the center of our scale-out Reviewing code to help ensure our codebase retains its production quality What we are looking for: 4+ years working with Python and a Python web framework (e.g. Django, Flask, Tornado) OR 7+ years working with a common backend Web language (e.g. Ruby) and a web framework in that language (e.g. Rails) Familiarity with software collaboration tools (e.g. git) and working in a Unix-based environment Ability to grapple with the complexity of the challenge at hand, no matter how small or big it may be Have been a mentor to others and want to help elevate the team’s ability to solve problems Enjoy being in a hard working environment with a very social, fun-loving team! What will set you apart: Understanding data types and different representations of data and the strengths and weaknesses of all of them Knowing the nuances of a modern web technology stack and why certain development decisions are made A healthy respect for the power and availability of data Methodical evaluation of when to build versus when to use someone else’s library The difference between strategic and tactical solutions to a problem, and what situations to apply each A strong process for evaluating when something is ready for production A love of learning, growing, and becoming better every day How we get it done: We keep our data in PostgreSQL (9.4) Most of our server applications are written in Python (2.7) Our main framework is Django We have some micro-Django / Flask apps hanging out We have a lot of JavaScript We love React - thank you Team Facebook! jQuery, Backbone, gulp, and Browserify help us out a lot too Our team is pretty Sass-y (or SCSS-y) We cache with Redis (3.0) We deliver our content with nginx (1.8) We love Ubuntu 12.04 and 14.04 Do not apply if: You think the “relational model” of data doesn't work in modern times Everything should be written in JavaScript because it's the one language that works in your web browser Testing your code isn't important – that’s what real users are for You like to use the newest technology out there “just because” You won’t even evaluate the newest technology out there About VenueBook: VenueBook is revolutionizing the way people think about event booking. Our platform lets venues and bookers plan together, creating a smarter and better-connected experience for all. We simplify planning, so you can have more fun! VenueBook https://venuebook.com How to apply Please send your résumé and cover letter to careers@venuebook.com	Senior Software Engineer (Backend)	VenueBook	New York	NY	New York, NY	GitHub	Sun, 25 Oct 2015 18:53:05 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=51690c5b171cd915&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1FsDFJuKPJI4aGVbO6WRdSJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke8lm451dlc3s
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Facebook was built to help people connect and share, and over the last decade our tools have played a critical part in changing how people around the world communicate with one another. With over a billion people using the service and more than fifty offices around the globe, a career at Facebook offers countless ways to make an impact in a fast growing organization. “The Hacker Way” is an approach to building that involves continuous improvement and iteration. Hackers believe that something can always be better, and that nothing is ever complete. They just have to go fix it – often in the face of people who say it’s impossible or are content with the status quo. If you fit this calling, Facebook wants you to join our NYC-based engineering team and help to develop scalable solutions to some of the most, if not the most, intricate engineering problems that impact the likeability (thumbs up!) of our 1 billion+ users. We’re looking for hardcore infrastructure engineers to join the Systems Engineering team. This infrastructure team builds the large, distributed systems that are the heart of Facebook, no easy task. Our code serves millions of requests per second, and it does so with sub-second latency and in a fault tolerant manner. We handle everything from distributed data storage, to synchronization and coordination of large server farms, to building a fast PHP virtual machine for our front end Facebook code. We are looking for candidates who posses a demonstrable, radiant energy towards tackling complexity and building platforms that can scale through multiple orders of magnitude to make the world more open and connected. Responsibilities Design core, backend software components that can scale as our product does Code using primarily C/C++, Java, PHP and Hack Interface with other teams to incorporate their innovations and vice versa Conduct design and code reviews Analyze and improve efficiency, scalability, and stability of various system resources Requirements B.S in Computer Science and 5+ years relevant experience 5+ years experience building large-scale server applications 5+ years experience developing and debugging in C/C++ or Java/C# 2+ years experience with operating systems internals, file systems, programming language design, compilers also a plus Experience coding in PHP, Hack or Python a plus Apply As part of our dedication to the diversity of our workforce, Facebook is committed to Equal Employment Opportunity without regard for race, color, national origin, ethnicity, gender, protected veteran status, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, or religion. If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, you may contact us at accommodations-ext@fb.com or you may call us at 1+650-308-7837.	Software Engineer, Systems	Facebook	New York	NY	New York, NY	Facebook	Thu, 01 Oct 2015 05:21:37 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=1b826f0dc7a1b562&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1FsDFJuKPJI4aGVbO6WRdSJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke8lm451dlc3s
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Make an impact. Evolve yourself. Intern at Plated! If you are ready to get your career going and apply what you’ve learned in school to real world problems, you’re in the right place. A Plated summer internship will give you tools you need, like a challenging environment and excellent mentors, to grow yourself from promising, knowledgeable student to qualified new software professional. What will you do here? Our program features guidance from top-quality software engineers. After initial training in the codebase, you’ll have the opportunity to work hands-on in an agile development environment contributing to the improvement of our digital products. We have opportunities on our web product, our internal proprietary operations product and on our mobile product. Please let us know in your cover letter which digital product interests you most. The program is your choice of 10-12 weeks, and dates are flexible to your academic calendar. We will be accepting three to four software engineer interns for summer 2016, a select group that will be small enough for you to get to know each other and bond as you learn. Our engineering team is around twenty, so the ratio of senior staff to guide you will be excellent. Our offices are located in the beautiful Flatiron district of Manhattan, near Union Square, convenient to multiple subway lines, shopping and eating. Plus as a summer intern, you’ll enjoy a free Plated box each week (two meals for two) while you’re here! Who are we looking for? To be considered for this Plated internship, you must have taken classes in and achieved an advanced level in Ruby on Rails development, preferably fullstack. Bonus points for experience with iOS development in Swift. The ideal candidate is enrolled a CS program now and will be enrolled next semester as well. Most candidates will be expecting to get their degree (undergraduate or graduate) between Dec 2016 and May 2017. We may also consider strong candidates outside these bounds, such as recent bootcamp graduates. We are looking for a strong interest in working in a startup environment and a passion for our mission to make eating well easy for all. Application Instructions Please include: A cover letter expressing why you're applying to Plated for the summer and what excites you about our company and this opportunity. You can address it to Juliette Dupre , the recruiter who is managing this interview process. Please also let us know your preference on what digital product you'd like to work on. Your one to two page resume, including properly labeled prior experience or internships with start and end month/year, your expected grad month/year if applicable, your GPA if applicable, any projects you have completed or will complete shortly, and your specific accomplishments on those projects. Two to three references from current or prior engineering professors or your engineering leads from prior internships. 	Software Engineer Intern	Plated	New York	NY	New York, NY	Plated	Thu, 15 Oct 2015 18:23:51 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=1ea4e166664704a6&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1FsDFJuKPJI4aGVbO6WRdSJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke8lm451dlc3s
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Requisition No.: 118183BR Subsidiary: eBay Marketplaces Primary Job Responsibilities: Our Onsite Traffic and Monetization team of data scientists and engineers is building a next gen platform for all advertising and promotional content on eBay's website using cutting-edge technologies which will allow 100 million buyers and sellers per day to interact with ads and promotional listings in new and exciting ways. Job Requirements: eBay is actively looking for Full Stack Software Engineers with excellent coding skills and an Ad Tech background to help build our native advertising platform (If you don't have a huge amount of Ad tech experience, but you have strong experience with REST architecture/ development and full stack Java development, then that's cool too!). Our Onsite Traffic and Monetization team of data scientists and engineers is building a next gen platform for all advertising and promotional content on eBay's website using cutting-edge technologies which will allow 100 million buyers and sellers per day to interact with ads and promotional listings in new and exciting ways. While we stand firmly on theoretical and mathematical roots, we see great value in applying real world, creative and pragmatic solutions. Last Updated: 09/09/2015	MTS 2, Software Engineer	eBay Marketplaces	New York	NY	New York, NY	Ebay	Thu, 01 Oct 2015 06:33:00 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=7075d3157b380872&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1FsDFJuKPJI4aGVbO6WRdSJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke8lm451dlc3s
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	OUR MISSION IS TO BRING THE CERTAINTY OF SCIENCE TO THE ART OF BRAND MARKETING. At Tremor Video, we help make every advertising moment more relevant for consumers, and more valuable for advertisers and publishers. Our premium video marketplace offers the full spectrum of video ad products and services, including premium-programmatic buying and selling platforms and analytics that connect the two. From managed to self-service, we drive brand ad effectiveness, on any screen. JOB SUMMARY: Senior Software Engineer We’re looking for a Senior Software Engineer with an interest in building high scalability distributed server-side applications. As part of Tremor Video’s engineering team you’ll work on an agile team designing and implementing a DSP platform capable of: Processing 2 Billion Bid requests a day. 1.5TB of data processed daily. Running in a distributed environment with 500+ servers across 2 data centers. RTB bidding and data processing in AWS. 1.25 Petabytes of data in Hadoop. Responsibilities: Collaborate with product management and engineering teams to analyze user needs and business requirements, provide feedback on scope and effort for new feature development. Design/architect and implement new features in the demand side platform, with a focus on high quality well tested code. Collaborate with other team members, participating in architecture discussions and team code reviews. Research and improve the performance of demand side platform, such as improving the QPS capacity and reducing the response times for RTB bidding. Provide production support, monitoring the performance of the DSP production systems and troubleshoot/fix issues that arise with deployed software. Qualifications: Minimum 5 years software engineering experience. Minimum 2 years professional Java experience . Experience with large scale systems and high-performance engineering. Strong verbal and communication skills. Bachelor's of Science degree, preferably Computer Science. Experience with Agile Scrum. Experience wit GIT version control.	Senior Software Engineer	Tremor Video	New York	NY	New York, NY	Tremor Video	Thu, 08 Oct 2015 19:14:46 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=80cd6e07fb48323c&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1FsDFJuKPJI4aGVbO6WRdSJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke8lm451dlc3s
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Sr. Software Engineer, Baseball Data Team MLB Advanced Media (MLBAM), the interactive and mobile company of Major League Baseball, is the developer of several award-winning products, apps and services. Some of these include: MLB Gameday, MLB.TV, Fantasy Baseball, Beat the Streak, and the #1 sports app and a Hall of Fame inductee for iPhone, iPad and Macworld – MLB At Bat! We are also the industry leader in the development and distribution of live streaming video events over multiple platforms. We are looking to hire a Front End focused Sr. Software Engineer that will work on projects that are unique, never done before and will change the sports industry for ever! For more details, please go here: MLB Statcast Player Tracking This position is located in Chelsea Market, New York, NY We truly believe we offer a unique opportunity for any technologist: The opportunity to work on a bleeding edge technology stack The opportunity to work with a world-class team of Software Engineers The opportunity to work on award-winning and complex apps and systems The opportunity to have an influence on the innovation of products used globally by millions The opportunity to work in a highly collaborative team environment Amazing benefits including - 100% employer-paid Medical, Dental and Vision. Responsibilities: Create pixel perfect implementations of our next generation releases of MLB Gameday, Statcast Player Tracking, etc. Work with a team of engineers building software in a collaborative development process Participate in the full-lifecycle of software development (requirements gathering, designing, building, testing and maintenance) Requirements: Experience building large and scalable public applications Self-learner, independent, and have outstanding problem-solving skills Excellent written and verbal communication skills Strong experience using JavaScript, HTML5, CSS3 Preferred, but not required: Service oriented Software Architecture AWS SQL Java A baseball fan is highly preferred 	Sr. Software Engineer, Baseball Data Team	MLB Advanced Media	New York	NY	New York, NY	Major League Baseball	Sat, 10 Oct 2015 06:34:23 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=36549bd1b182d695&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1FsDFJuKPJI4aGVbO6WRdSJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke8lm451dlc3s
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Sr. Software Engineer Dealertrack is currently seeking Sr. Software Engineers with Java J2EE experience to join our Engineering teams in our Groton, CT, Lake Success, NY and Amherst, NH offices. Who We Are + What We Do: Dealertrack is the leading provider of digital solutions for automotive retail. Combining dealer perspectives, consumer insights, and tech-fueled innovation we’ve built a marketing, sales, and operations platform that’s helping to transform the automotive retail industry. Dealertrack’s offices span 20 locations coast to coast, and each site is committed to nurturing wellness, growth and creativity with fitness centers, wellness classes, training and professional development courses, nutrition-first cafeterias and more. Our Engineering Team: Our Software Engineers are energetic influencers who have built a world-class software platform, for auto dealers, from the ground up. We’re looking for thinkers at every stage in their career with intensity and creativity to take on the biggest challenges in our industry. Risk-taking is encouraged here, and we reward great results. Collaboration and support are woven into the fabric of everything we do; from 24-hour Hackathon groups to sprint reviews and scrum teams, you’ll be immersed in an environment that nurtures individualism, creative problem-solving, and intellect. The Job: The Senior Software Engineer reports to the Director, Software Development and supports architectural objectives as a key contributor on development teams. Responsibilities include: analysis of requirements, scoping and estimation of project tasks, implementation of technical design and technical documentation. Performs coding, unit and systems testing. Supports triage and troubleshooting of complex problems. Coordinates/communicates with development team members, technical management and parallel development teams; reports status and risks to external and internal partners. Develops a strong working knowledge of DT product's architecture, programming languages, and databases. Technology we use: Java, Angular JS, REST and SOAP web services, Gradle, HTML/CSS, JSF, ant Responsibilities: Reviews and verifies design/requirements/specifications with architect, tech lead and system analysts. Performs coding, unit and systems testing. Troubleshoot and support system and application problems. Documents technical designs, specifications and analysis on tech wiki or SharePoint site. Reviews test plans and acceptance criteria with testers/QA. Conducts quality reviews and verification of coding/designs. Builds a strong working knowledge of product architecture, technology stack and deployment infrastructure. What We look For: Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, IT or Technology preferred. 6-8 years’ experience as a Sr. Software Engineer with a minimum of 5 years’ experience in the technologies relevant to this position. Experience with Java J2EE coding and design. Experience with Web Services and Service Oriented Architecture. Experience on software development project teams using open-source web application frameworks. Development expertise with a client side JavaScript MVC framework (Angular JS, Node JS) a plus. Well versed with object oriented design and development. Demonstrates skill and understanding with relational databases. Demonstrates strong expertise in a variety of software engineering concepts, practices and procedures. Excellent communication skills with both technical and business peers. Works quickly with a high level of accuracy, undertakes a wide scope of tasks and solves complex problems. Able to work independently and as part of a team, meeting high quality deliverables on time. Experience on distributed teams practicing Agile methodologies - Scrum and Kanban a plus. Travel &lt; 10%. Occasional travel between Amherst, NH, Groton, CT and Lake Success, NY for one day meetings. Stay connected and follow us on Twitter @DT_Careers to get the latest updates on new opportunities. Company: Dealertrack	Sr. Software Engineer - JAVA	Dealertrack	Lake Success	NY	Lake Success, NY	Dealertrack	Wed, 28 Oct 2015 20:26:37 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=84f1cf91fcfa316f&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1FsDFJuKPJI4aGVbO6WRdSJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke8lm451dlc3s
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Software Engineer The Software Engineer that will contribute to the development of our web based applications using the latest cloud technologies and Responsive Web Design techniques. The Software Engineer will utilize the full software stack – from the browser down through the database. In doing so, you have an opportunity to learn or improve upon design/architecture skills and gain a full understanding and appreciation for implementing modern software applications in the cloud. Requirements &amp; Skills: Strong HTML, CSS, Javascript experience Hands on experience building SaaS solutions using HTML5, Javascript, AngularJS Knowledge and experience using front end frameworks such as AngularJS and Bootstrap Understanding of software engineering best practices including: agile methodology, design patterns, decoupled architectures, and test-driven development Knowledge and experience of XML, CSLA, jQuery UI, a plus Knowledge and experience with mobile development, a plus Participating in an Agile/Scrum development team Education and Experience: Bachelors of Science degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or similar field 3 to 5 years of hands-on programming experience with Java, JavaScript, C#, ASP.Net, ASP.Net MVC, preferred Experience handling cross-browser / cross-platform issues Required experience: Java, HTML, Javascript, AngularJS: 3 years 	Software Engineer	Infinity Consulting Solutions	New York	NY	New York, NY	Indeed	Tue, 27 Oct 2015 01:37:19 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=111be17b520aa13e&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1FsDFJuKPJI4aGVbO6WRdSJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke8lm451dlc3s
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Type: Full Time Min. Experience: Experienced Who we are: We are Dataminr, the leading real-time information discovery company. Our ability to find and deliver information faster than any other source has completely revolutionized the information discovery space! Our ascent to being the most exciting company in New York City and the “super tool of journalists and hedge funds” has led to numerous accolades and achievements. We’ve been named #13 on CNBC’s Disruptor 50 list, added to the AlwaysOn Global 250 Top Private Companies list and received an invitation to speak at the World Economic Forum. Headquartered in New York City and nearing 200 employees, Dataminr provides a challenging and dynamic environment where everyone feels that they have the freedom to be innovative, impactful and influential. We’ve crafted a culture that promotes team interaction, work-life balance and the sharing of information and ideas because it empowers us to do our best work and have fun. If you want to be a part of the most interesting and exciting high-growth tech company in New York, please keep reading! Who you are: You are a software engineer interested in helping grow and lead a team focused on building automated test frameworks and suites to make our software and systems better. You will help define our backend software test automation frameworks and then lead a team to develop the software that tests our software. Your efforts as a Software Engineer in Test will help us ensure that our system performs correctly and can scale at the rate of Twitter. You will work closely with Product Managers to understand user and scalability requirements. You will also work with other Software Engineers to help them develop a better system. Your experience in test automation and developing quality software will enable you to lead a team of Software Engineers in Test. Your standard for quality and obsession for detail will lead and influence those around you. In this role, the Lead Software Engineer in Test will: Build and lead a team of Software Engineers in Test Define the architecture, technology and standards for performance and functional testing of backend services at Dataminr Create an overall test strategy to evaluate software releases ensuring that software is performing according to guidelines and expectation Participate in the design of new features and the refactoring of existing services to ensure testability Develop and maintain test frameworks that provide automated testing of backend services Build and maintain tests; track outcome of application testing and monitoring for inconsistent results Desired Skills &amp; Experience: BS/MS in Computer Science or equivalent Extensive knowledge of Linux/Unix Strong coding skills experience in Java, Python, C/C++ 5+ years software development and at least 3 years of test development/automation experience Experience as a technical team lead or management role Experience with API/backend testing, including performance testing Experience working in agile product development environment Natural curiosity, critical thinker, strong attention to detail, highly organized Excellent verbal and written communication skills; ability to meet deadlines Self-motivation and an ability to handle multiple competing priorities in a fast-paced environment Our offering of competitive benefits and perks include: Company paid benefits for employees and their dependents, such as medical, dental, vision, disability and life Flexible spending account to be used for out-of-pocket medical, transit, parking and dependent care expenses 401(k) savings plan Generous leave Daily catered meals A kitchen fully stocked with snacks and beverages …and this is just to name a few! Dataminr is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. Individuals seeking employment at Dataminr are considered without regards to race, sex, color, creed, religion, national origin, age, disability, genetics, marital status, pregnancy, unemployment status, sexual orientation, citizenship status or veteran status.	Lead Software Engineer in Test	Dataminr	New York	NY	New York, NY	Dataminr	Sat, 10 Oct 2015 05:50:05 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=165c9c855a6ba63a&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1FsDFJuKPJI4aGVbO6WRdSJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke8lm451dlc3s
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Job description Information technologists lead Client’s efforts to automate trading to the greatest degree possible. Measures of trading system efficiency—such as response time, latency and throughput—are analyzed. Execution quality and portfolio liquidity are evaluated. Ongoing development projects are undertaken to improve system performance. In every task, technologists are keenly process and automation-oriented as they seek to provide industry-leading research capabilities and trading execution. Job Responsibilities (include, but not limited to the following): We are seeking exceptionally bright individuals who thrive on solving complex technology and business challenges. As a Software Engineer at Client, you will join teams that: Develop software that enables Client to process vast amounts of information to inform investment decisions Develop state of the art distributed financial modeling systems and tools Develop software that enables fully-automated trading processes Develop tools and software for investment process automation and monitoring Work closely with portfolio management, middle office and research professionals to create custom-tailored, unique solutions that provide clear business value Support and monitor mission-critical technology functions and processes Desired Skills and Experience At minimum Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or related field from a top school Exceptional programming skills Experience using multiple programming and scripting languages Strong analytical skills and painstaking attention to detail Demonstrated excellence in chosen field of study or profession Finance experience is not mandatory Be self-motivated and take initiative with minimal direction Possess excellent written and oral communication skills 2-5 years Exp in C++ Python ******Should Be US Citizen/ Green card******** Job Type: Full-time Local candidates only: Old Greenwich, CT Required experience: C++ Python: 5 years Required education: Bachelor's 	Software Engineer	Software Engineer	Old Greenwich	CT	Old Greenwich, CT	Indeed	Mon, 19 Oct 2015 21:21:03 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=36aa142c6dcb9b9f&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1FsDFJuKPJI4aGVbO6WRdSJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke8lm451dlc3s
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Are you passionate about solving complex and interesting problems in the video technology space? Are you obsessed with scale, performance, and building beautiful products? If so, we are looking for you! VHX is a fast growing business in a fast moving industry. Some of our challenges and opportunities include: building tools and APIs to power next generation video networks, building a better-than-Netflix consumer video experience, improving our payments platform, scaling out our service-oriented architecture. What you'll do: Plan and execute features and infrastructure changes Lead developing on all aspects of our applications Write well-tested, performant, and maintainable code Scale existing features and services Champion API developer friendliness internally and externally Tackle our most challenging problems around video ingestion, transcoding, and delivery Evolve our analytics system Help monitor and optimize engineering costs Help mentor and grow existing engineers What will land you an interview: You can architect scalable and performant web applications and APIs Experience with Ruby, JavaScript, HTML5, SASS Engineering leadership experience You have developed libraries or applications and want to show them to us You work on side projects in your spare time What we're expecting: Proven track record of building production-ready web applications Appreciation for the peace of mind that comes with well-tested, peer-reviewed, and documented code Takes ownership and monitors the things you architect Comfort with both SQL and an ORM, and have exposure to a variety of database technologies Great written and verbal communication You are self-directed and able to manage your time effectively to meet deadlines You are cool as a cucumber under pressure Bonus: Experience with video delivery or transcoding Bonus: Experience with payment platforms Bonus: Experience with managing infrastructure on AWS VHX is an open video distribution platform for anyone. We've helped creators sell films, TV shows, comedy specials, live concert footage, lectures, web series, fitness, education, and more. We're a small team of 20 and growing. Our HQ is in DUMBO, Brooklyn. We love coffee, jokes, video games, movie nights, bright colors, and Prime Meats. https://www.vhx.tv/about Please fill out our official application at https://vhx.tv/jobs. Job Type: Full-time Required experience: Ruby, JavaScript, HTML5, SASS: 2 years 	Lead Software Engineer	VHX	Brooklyn	NY	Brooklyn, NY	Indeed	Mon, 05 Oct 2015 16:51:47 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=08ff53d1aec2f403&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1FsDFJuKPJI4aGVbO6WRdSJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke8lm451dlc3s
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Dell Boomi is the market-leading provider of on-demand integration technology and the creator of AtomSphere®, the industry's #1 Integration Cloud™. AtomSphere connects providers and customers of SaaS, cloud and on-premise applications via a pure SaaS integration platform that does not require software or appliances. ISVs and businesses alike benefit by connecting to the industry's largest network of SaaS, PaaS, on-premise and cloud computing environments in a seamless and fully self-service model. Leading SaaS players and enterprise customers such as salesforce.com, NetSuite, RightNow, Marketo, Taleo, Zuora, Coupa, NASDAQ and Web MD rely on AtomSphere to accelerate time to market, increase sales, and eliminate the headaches associated with integration. Dell Boomi became part of Dell on November 2, 2010. For more information about Boomi, visit http://www.boomi.com/. The Software Sales Engineer Architect works with the Sales team to bring innovative solutions and strategies that map Boomi AtomSphere solutions and technologies to meet customer needs and support the sales process and effort. This quota carrying position is remote based &amp; requires heavy regional travel to client sites. Role Responsibilities: Become a subject matter expert in Dell Boomi technology and solutions, and be able to apply it to Dell’s prospects and customers' business processes Develop, present and deliver high impact demonstrations of the Dell Boomi solutions on a daily basis and coordinate/facilitate all presales activities Clearly articulate the benefits of Boomi AtomSphere to all levels including line of business managers, technical architects and "C" level executives Perform discovery, needs gathering, and requirement analysis for prospects and customers Ensure proposed solution meets the technical and business needs of the customer Work with AEs to help manage, support, and prioritize sales opportunities Provide input to other cross-functional departments pertaining to prospect requests and product enhancements as needed Maintain account and opportunity updates within our CRM system to manage and prioritize sales opportunities Provide business and technical solutions to help customers optimize use of solution Perform problem characterization, reproduction, diagnosis, and root cause analysis Work with other Services and Product Development personnel to replicate, troubleshoot and workaround or resolve product issues, escalating as necessary Requirements: 3+ years of software (SaaS experience preferred) or technology experience. Have the business savvy to understand &amp; probe customer needs and demonstrate quantifiable business value Ability to present to all levels of business and technical decision makers, and is technical enough to get into the code/design with internal Engineering leads and have credibility across a development organization Strong cross-group collaboration ability to provide the customer with any needed technical information in order to progress the sale through the sales cycle Strong business acumen combined with a deep understanding of Infrastructure technologies and a broad understanding of SaaS technologies, and solutions A desire to work with the latest and greatest web technologies is required, as well as a willingness to interact with the product groups and act as an advocate for the customer Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering, and Information Systems is preferred Company Description With more than 100,000 team members globally, we promote an environment that is rooted in the entrepreneurial spirit in which the company was founded. Dell’s team members are committed to serving our communities, regularly volunteering for over 1,500 non-profit organizations. The company has also received many accolades from employer of choice to energy conservation. Our team members follow an open approach to technology innovation and believe that technology is essential for human success. "DCAM2" Why work with us? Life at Dell means collaborating with dedicated professionals with a passion for technology. When we see something that could be improved, we get to work inventing the solution. Our people demonstrate our winning culture through positive and meaningful relationships. We invest in our people and offer a series of programs that enables them to pursue a career that fulfills their potential. Our team members’ health and wellness is our priority as well as rewarding them for their hard work. Dell is an Equal Opportunity Employer and Prohibits Discrimination and Harassment of Any Kind: Dell is committed to the principle of equal employment opportunity for all employees and to providing employees with a work environment free of discrimination and harassment. All employment decisions at Dell are based on business needs, job requirements and individual qualifications, without regard to race, color, religion or belief, national, social or ethnic origin, sex (including pregnancy), age, physical, mental or sensory disability, HIV Status, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, marital, civil union or domestic partnership status, past or present military service, family medical history or genetic information, family or parental status, or any other status protected by the laws or regulations in the locations where we operate. Dell will not tolerate discrimination or harassment based on any of these characteristics. Dell encourages applicants of all ages. Come join us. For more information, visit us on the web at www.dell.com/careers. "LIPriority" Life At Dell Equal Employment Opportunity Policy Equal Opportunity Employer/Minorities/Women/Veterans/Disabled	Dell Boomi Software Sales Engineer Eastern US	Dell	New York	NY	New York, NY	Dell	Wed, 14 Oct 2015 14:16:24 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=aaa40309c4b1973c&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1FsDFJuKPJI4aGVbO6WRdSJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke8lm451dlc3s
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Software Engineer, Reliability Ready to hire! Many openings! Will relocate. Will sponsor visa’s. Looking for cutting edge software engineers who know Unix/Linux inside and out, who build their own tools for automation. Interested in candidates with experience at technology, aerospace and defense companies. Will consider Linux Administrators who code for fun and would like to get into development. Help enhance the reliability, scalability, and operational efficiency of the infrastructure that supports industry-leading quantitative trading business. Your work will be instrumental in tuning the throughput of research environment and its ability to comb through hundreds of terabytes of data per day, while also ensuring the smooth operation of low-latency trading systems that process billions of events per day. Collaborate on requirements and architecture with software development team members and building the tools to quickly identify and react to any problems that arise. Ideal candidates will have experience within the field of reliability engineering at a top-tier technology company. Outstanding hands-on technology skills with C++ and Python (preferred). Experience with Perl and Ruby a plus. Understands the ins and outs of Unix/Linux. Experience with Eclipse and code performance a plus. Qualified candidates will have, at minimum, a bachelor’s degree in electrical engineering, electrical and computer engineering, or computer science.	Software Engineer Reliability	Next Step Systems	Manhattan	NY	Manhattan, NY	Next Step Systems	Wed, 28 Oct 2015 05:47:39 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=a17c9efcb662af62&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1FsDFJuKPJI4aGVbO6WRdSJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke8lm451dlc3s
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	W E AT C ONSUMER R EPORTS know our employees are our greatest source of customer value and organizational success. After all, it’s their work that creates our presence and represents our brand to the world. Consumer Reports is one of the most distinguished and historically important non-profit organizations in the United States, and our accomplishments as an organization are entirely attributable to the talent we have attracted, and most important, have retained. Consumer Reports offers a dynamic, forward-thinking environment that is committed to developing and curating a culture of results. We invest in our people and have in place an adaptive framework and support system that aggressively encourages innovation, original solutions, and team achievement at every turn. Some key highlights that demonstrate the change journey we have undertaken include and highlight characteristics of how we work that may appeal to you: Our organization is going through a comprehensive transition to Agile tactics in every aspect of our business. Our Mobile development team recently changed the way we design software, engage our customer base, and how we interact as a team. The results have been dramatic and clarifying, and our Mobile team has reached new summits in productivity, effective collaboration, and genuine team happiness. We have started to roll out these Agile tactics for Product Development across the organization. We are rebuilding our entire digital product suite starting with our flagship Consumer Reports Online web site – a subscription based information service with over 3.5 million paid subscribers. For two years in a row now we have organized hackathons at Consumer Reports where we have had over 75 engineers, product managers and designers come together for a day and hack away at their product ideas. Each time, over 25 product concepts/ideas were developed in a day and at the end of the event the teams got to present those ideas to a panel of judges to win cool prizes. S O THERE YOU HAVE IT . Are you interested in joining a team to reimagine our Digital Products? It’s not a challenge akin to the Marine Corps or anything, but we have high standards, and we work hard. The upside is that you’ll be joining a truly remarkable group of people who will have your back, who will support you and even occasionally inspire you, who will become your great friends. That is unusual. Plus, you’ll have the professional latitude to show your stuff, and to make a creative difference. The Role: The Full Stack Senior Software Engineer is a key member of the Agile team responsible for designing and building software components for the delivery of web applications to millions of Consumer Reports users. This role involves working hand-in-hand with business units to build state of the art scalable and robust web applications that are consumer centric. Our development environments leverage Java, Clojure, Spring framework, application servers, multi-threading and modern web technologies, JavaScript libraries, AJAX, JSON, HTML5/CSS3 and responsive design. Additionally, we utilize backbone.js, angular.js or other MV* frameworks. Qualifications Include: Master’s degree in Computer Science or related fields with three years of relevant experience, or Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or related fields and five years of relevant experience in lieu. Extensive experience in software development, modern design patterns and web technologies under e-commerce enabled environments using multi-tier architectures. Experience with development environments that leverage Java, Spring framework, or Ruby on Rails, application servers, multi-threading. Experience with modern web technologies, JavaScript libraries, AJAX, JSON, HTML5/CSS3 and responsive design. Exposure to backbone.js, ember.js, angular.js or other MV* frameworks. Experience with Web Services, REST and API design. Experience with cloud services such as Amazon AWS or Heroku a plus. Experience with relational/SQL databases, ORM and data abstraction technologies. Knowledge of No-SQL databases, MapReduce, or Hadoop a plus. Working knowledge of Unix environments, including shell scripting such as Perl or Python. Agile tools and methodologies, including continuous deployment and rapid integration. Experience in software architecture and design, documentation, developing and maintaining large-scale, high-visibility systems. Ability to solve complex technical problems and effectively communicate solutions to system architects, peers and management. Experience with high volume, high-availability applications and systems. Proven track record in developing high quality applications on schedule in a fast-paced development environment, high written and personal communication skills. Experience with Payment processing, PCI DSS, and OWASP secure web coding a plus. PHYSICAL DEMANDS: Normal physical requirements associated with working in an office environment such as prolonged sitting, repetitive motion such as typing on a computer keyboard, etc. Key Responsibilities: Design, develop, implement, and test software modules and other technology components for consumerreports.org and related customer-facing web properties using agile software development practices. Develop and implement payment, billing and/or dynamic content delivery systems. Analyze business requirements, provide development estimates and feedback, and determine implementation/execution approaches. Work with other software engineers, database developers, infrastructure, operations and QA teams to design and implement quality software solutions. Support, troubleshoot, monitor and optimize existing software systems. Help streamline software development by contributing to implementation of a continual integration process, automating manual processes, and eliminating defects. Performs other duties as assigned but not at a higher level. 	Full Stack Senior Software Engineer	Consumer Reports	Yonkers	NY	Yonkers, NY	Consumer Reports	Thu, 29 Oct 2015 22:21:33 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=1eb4a858f1983c3d&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1FsDFJuKPJI4aGVbO6WRdSJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke8lm451dlc3s
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	At Capital One, we march to a different beat! While we may be a top -10 bank by deposits, we operate and innovate with the vigor of a start-up. With thousands of employees, we never lose anyone in the shuffle, but we celebrate individuals with respect and exceptional benefits. And we don’t just fill positions—we recruit the best and the brightest people that know how to set industry trends and wow consumers. Capital One has celebrated milestones, including: - Top 10 bank by deposits - 124 on the Fortune 500 - Approximately 900 bank branches - More than 43,000 associates globally - More than 65 million customer accounts We’re excited to be growing and hiring across the country to build the next generation on sound practices and values so that our philosophy can transcend into our products and services. We hope you join our tremendous team that has helped changed our industry for the better. Geek. Nerd. Tech-junkie. They’re all pet-names to us. And if you share in a passion for all things technology, then you’d be the perfect candidate for the Capital One Information Technology team. Daily, you’ll work alongside some of the savviest techies in the business at an internationally recognized company. From advancing our network to assisting the technologically-challenged, you’ll love coming to work every day at one of the “100 Best Companies to Work For.” Capital One is seeking a Director of Mobile Software Engineering to lead, manage, mentor, and build an extremely talented mobile software engineering team to deliver a game changing customer experience across iOS and Android apps. He/she must have the ability to attract and recruit the industry’s best talent, and simultaneously have the technical chops to ensure that what we build compelling, customer oriented solutions in an iterative methodology. Success in the role requires an innovative mind, a proven track record of delivering new consumer-facing software products, rigorous analytical skills, and a passion for creating market-leading software for millions of customers. Responsibilities: - Manage mobile application development for applications serving millions of customers - Work closely with senior technology leadership to develop mobile delivery - Manage multiple scrum teams across several locations - Work with other departments to understand and influence the next generation of mobile products and requirements strategy - Recruit, motivate, mentor, and lead the best application engineering talent QualificationsBasic Qualifications: - Bachelors Degree or military experience - At least 3 years leading agile mobile software engineering teams - At least 10 years managing delivery of existing production software at scale - At least 10 years experience programming production software - At least 3 years experience in developing mobile applications for iOS or Android at scale Preferred Qualifications: - Masters Degree in Computer Science or related field of study - Experience building customer facing web and mobile software solutions at scale - Experience with rapid prototyping and interface design testing - Experience in agile development methodologies (scrum or kanban) - Full stack development or management experience a plus - Ability to recruit mobile engineering talent Capital One will consider sponsoring a new qualified applicant for employment authorization for this position. No agencies please. Capital One is an equal opportunity employer committed to diversity in the workplace. Capital One promotes a drug-free workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to gender, race, color, age, national origin, religion, disability, genetic information, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity/assignment, citizenship, pregnancy or maternity, protected veteran status, or any other status protected by applicable national, federal, state or local law. Capital One will consider for employment qualified applicants with a criminal history in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable laws regarding criminal background inquiries, including, to the extent applicable, Article 23-A of the New York Correction Law; San Francisco, California Police Code Article 49, Sections 4901-4920; Newark, New Jersey Ordinance 12-1630; and other applicable federal, state, and local laws and regulations regarding criminal background inquiries. JobTechnologyPrimary LocationUnited States-New York-New York-NYC 299 Park Avenue (22957)ScheduleFull-timeTravelYes, 10 % of the TimeJob PostingUnposting Date	Software Engineer, Director, Mobile	Capital One	New York	NY	New York, NY	Capital One	Thu, 24 Sep 2015 12:31:56 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=fca0699dd8c198d1&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1FsDFJuKPJI4aGVbO6WRdSJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke8lm451dlc3s
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	The Role / Responsibilities: We are looking for a Sr. Software Developer that will help us shape core products and extend existing solutions as part of our agile development team. • Participate in full life-cycle software development • Design, implement, and deploy highly scalable and reliable systems • Contribute ideas for new features and identify areas for improvement proactively • Mentor the team on best practices, patterns, and techniques • Work closely with the strategy, business and UX teams Qualifications We are looking for someone passionate about building web based products with a deep understanding of web application development, services and backend solutions. Required Skills: • Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or related field • 5+ years of web application development experience • Ability to solve complicated problems with simple solutions • Passion for new technologies and services • Expert knowledge of C#, .NET MVC, Web Services, Web API, Software Design • Understanding of Agile SDLC methodology • Knowledge of SQL Server • Excellent verbal and communication skills in English Preferred Skills: • Experience with .net MVC, EF, jQuery, Angular.js, Backbone.js • Experience with Agile Development • Positive, self-starter attitude and desire to exceed expectations at every opportunity • Attention to detail and absolute focus on quality of work • Desire to learn and improve every day Department/Team The engineering team you will be joining has a start-up culture with the benefits of a very stable financial company. You will be surrounded by self-starters and great learners where your expertise will complement the rest of the team while you expand your own skill set. We practice agile development (fast iterations, continuous integration, automated testing and build process). We enjoy working together and have the same goal of building and shipping great products, and we want others with the same goal to join us.	Senior Software Engineer(.Net/C#)	Moody's Corporation	New York	NY	New York, NY	Moody's Corporation	Sat, 17 Oct 2015 05:40:51 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=365a8929c9619a15&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1FsDFJuKPJI4aGVbO6WRdSJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke8lm451dlc3s
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	IDG's Digital Media Group is seeking a Software Engineer who is passionate about Web Application Development. As a Software Engineer you must possess the ability to produce clean, well-documented, efficient and standard-compliant code, and have an eye for performance optimization and the ability to efficiently troubleshoot. Daily Responsibilities: Designing &amp; Developing Reporting System Designing &amp; Developing Databases Interact with cross-functional groups to develop new functionality and support existing stakeholders Provide accurate estimates on level of effort for upcoming work and keep accurate records of progress and completion of work Deliver creative and efficient solutions to complex problems on time Identify and address performance issues with code, database schemas Participate in design and code reviews Perform and communicate in a team environment 2+ years of PHP5/OOP experience 2+ years of experience with MySQL and data modelling 2+ Experience in any PHP based MVC framework (Laravel, CakePHP, etc…) 2+ years of Web Development experience, preferably in high-volume production environments 2+ years of experience in Web Development Technologies like HTML, CSS &amp; Javascript Experience in writing secure code preventing XSS, SQL Injection, etc... Knowledge of C# a plus Knowledge of Java a plus Experience in Software testing, debugging, and troubleshooting Experience in Javascript frameworks (eg. ExtJS, jQuery) Experience writing unit tests Experience in source control like Git Experience in working with REST/SOAP APIs Experience working in Linux command line Experience in Database performance optimization plus Experience with an issue tracking product, preferable Jira Strong understanding of Object Oriented Principles Ability and desire to work in a fast-paced environment Self-motivated with a sense of urgency Innovative and Flexible Qualifications: BS/MS in Computer Science or 2-3 years of equivalent experience Please be sure to upload a formatted version of your resume and cover letter during the application process. 	Software Engineer	IDG	New York	NY	New York, NY	IDG	Wed, 30 Sep 2015 09:33:07 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=a0ae44913b61166f&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1FsDFJuKPJI4aGVbO6WRdSJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke8lm451dlc3s
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	219 South Street Suite 202 New Providence, NJ 07974 www.g3ti.net Send resumes to: admin.nst@g3ti.net Associate Engineer, Software Position Responsibilities  Develop software designs based upon provided specifications  Write software for real-time embedded systems or networked servers  Unit test software modules to ensure requirements are met  Author interface design documents Skills and Knowledge  Language skills including: C, Scripting (e/g/ Python), Object Oriented Analysis and Data (e.g. C++, Java)  Software frameworks such as Linux C library or .NET  Ability to rapidly prototype protocols and applications  Object Oriented architecture, programming and programming methods  Knowledge of Linux OS and development environment Additional Desired Skills  Mobile phone development: Android, IOS, Windows Mobile, J2ME, etc.  Experience with Raspberry Pi or similar embedded platforms  Web Application development using HTML/CSS, AJAX, Google Web tool kit, Node.js, PHP, JavaScript, SQL ,Apache Minimum Education and Experience  Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or Electrical Engineering and 0-2 years of experience, or an equivalent combination of education, skills and experience 219 South Street Suite 202 New Providence, NJ 07974 www.g3ti.net Send resumes to: admin.nst@g3ti.net About G3 Technologies, Inc. G3 Technologies, Inc. is a dynamic company providing state-of-the-art wireless technology solutions, specializing in software development, cellular technology, wireless protocols, signal processing and systems integration. We are a nimble, non-burea ucratic company characterized by technological innovation, extraordinary effort, and dedication to our customers, employees, and suppliers. The atmosphere is fast-paced and agile, shifting rapidly to meet the pressing needs of our customers. Team mentality, excellent work ethic, initiative, innovation, and an entrepreneurial spirit are key factors to your success here. G3 Technologies Inc offers generous benefits, including:  Generous and Flexible Vacation/Paid Time Off plan  Company- paid Medical and Prescription benefits  Company-paid Dental benefits  Company-paid Vision benefits  Flexible Spending health account (FSA)  Tuition Assistance  401k matching  Life Insurance  Long-term Disability  Employee Assistance Program (EAP)  Additional voluntary benefits are available We have several exciting new opportunities available at our suburban New Providence, NJ location. We are located in New Providence, NJ (30 miles west of NYC), and within walking distance of NJ Transit’s Murray Hill Train Station. If you are interested, send your resume to admin.nst@g3ti.net.	Associate Engineer Software	G3 Technologies, Inc.	New Providence	NJ	New Providence, NJ	G3 Technologies, Inc.	Wed, 30 Sep 2015 09:53:51 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=d100bdcb3c0a92bd&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1FsDFJuKPJI4aGVbO6WRdSJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke8lm451dlc3s
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Technology at Hillary for America offers a unique opportunity for your work to have a lasting legacy - a better future for generations of Americans. Our technology team works in an ultra-fast-paced, highly scrutinous environment. The many products we build will form the technology backbone for the digital, finance, analytics, communications, and organizing teams to fuel our national grassroots movement. This is an environment where small technology innovations can have a multiplying impact on the race to the White House. We ship early and often. Done is always better than perfect. Welcome to the only 18-month, nationally televised hackathon ( http://www.nytimes.com/2015/06/07/upshot/why-a-presidential-campaign-is-the-ultimate-start-up.html?_r=0 ). Our frontend software engineers architect, design, and implement the user interfaces of our web applications used by millions of people. Responsibilities Architect, implement, and iterate on frontend designs and user interactions Working closely with designers and product engineers to ship early and often Build efficient and reusable front-end systems and abstractions Participate in design and code reviews, as well as deal with day-to-day issues Maintain and build upon frameworked Javascript code Requirements Expert in Javascript, HTML and CSS; able to create elegant and maintainable code Experience with modern Javascript libraries and tooling Penchant for cross-browser compatibility issues and client-side performance Good understanding of service-oriented architecture and associated components Bonus (please indicate if you have any experience with the following): Experience with frontend “MVC” design patterns and frameworks (React, Angular, etc.) Experience with automated end-to-end and unit testing - test runners (Karma, etc.), assertion libraries (QUnit, Chai, etc.), and clients (Selenium, PhantomJS, SlimerJS, etc.) Familiarity with server-side MVC web frameworks, such as Django or Ruby on Rails Demonstrated design and UX sensibilities; responsive and mobile experience Experience working with ES6 The Campaign is an equal opportunity employer. The Campaign believes every employee has the right to work in an environment free from unlawful discrimination as is consistent with our commitment to diversity, respect, and inclusion. Consistent with applicable federal, state and local laws, the Campaign provides all employees and applicants with equal opportunity in all aspects of the employment relationship. This includes employment decisions related to hiring, promotions, transfers, disciplinary action, termination, and training.	Software Engineer - Frontend	Hillary for America Technology Team	New York	NY	New York, NY	Hillary for America Technology Team	Mon, 05 Oct 2015 19:48:51 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=b75a9756bac08e42&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1FsDFJuKPJI4aGVbO6WRdSJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke8lm451dlc3s
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Company Description: We are thefast-growing enterprise software startup that is recognized as one of Internet Weeks Best Places to Work in NYC Tech. We invented Behavioral Automation the ability to bring websites to life and are renowned for helping top Internet retailers and publishers monetize their web traffic. Our technology runs on over 400 websites across 30 industries, which amounts to traffic and user levels exceeding that of Wikipedia. Role Description: As a Senior Engineer on our Platform Team, youll be at the heart of a technology company experiencing explosive growth. You should be comfortable working with the challenges that we face on a daily basis. Large scale distributed systems: our platform operates on many servers spread across multiple geographical locations Overcome tough technical challenges without breaking a sweat: we maintain high-level performance, availability, and reliability as our client base continues to grow in size and stature. Remember, more clients == more traffic. Expanding the functionality of our API: our product is constantly growing in both depth and breadth, the platform is the backbone of that growth On-the-fly data storytelling: Behavioral Automation stands on a foundation of complex data aggregation, analysis, and near real-time synthesis to make our clients a ton of money. Complex Integrations: work comfortably across multiple levels of the Internet stack. Responsibilities: Write maintainable and reliable software Create scalable and testable systems Collaborate with other team members and supply technical leadership to cross-functional groups Regularly deploy code to production and test environments Lead design discussions about new features and approaches to implementing new services Provide mentorship and guidance to less experienced developers Support and improve the existing platform Qualifications: BA/BS degree and 5+ years of experience OR MS degree and 3+ years of experience in software engineering (Degree in Computer Science or related field preferred) or equivalent experience Experience building high performance, distributed systems and applications Excellent Computer Science fundamentals with regards to data structures, algorithms, time complexity, etc. Not an asshole	Sr. Software Engineer	Elevate Recruiting Group	New York	NY	New York, NY	Elevate Recruiting Group	Fri, 30 Oct 2015 18:43:25 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=0f1eb5ff65dd8b69&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1FsDFJuKPJI4aGVbO6WRdSJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke8lm451dlc3s
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Shutterstock is seeking an experienced Software Engineer that is excited about working with other experienced and intelligent software engineers on closely integrated teams to push the boundaries of what is expected of a Digital Content company. We focus on fast, iterative development (over 150 deployments/month) and collaborative, interactive programming. Developers work on small cross-functional teams (4-6 people) that have a voice in setting their own priorities and are expected to build and deploy applications quickly and iteratively. This role focuses on the development of Shutterstock’s public API, which enables external applications to search, organize, and license Shutterstock images, video, and music. The public API is a key part of Shutterstock’s growth, and as the senior software development engineer on the API team, you’ll explore new use cases and development of new features for the API. Responsibilities: Architect, build, and own all aspects of the Shutterstock API – including design of new features / routes, implementation, refactoring, automated testing, deployment, and uptime of the services. Build flexible systems and processes without over-engineering and choose simple, straightforward solutions over more complex ones. Confront problems (even when outside your own domain), propose solutions, and take ownership through to resolution or ensure a clear hand-off. Work with engineers on other teams as needed to expose new services to the API, and communicate directly with engineers at other companies as they evaluate or start integrating the API. Think like a potential partner or customer who might integrate the API Build the technology the right way: for us, this means simple, well-tested systems that gradually grow over time, and that provide plenty of insight into production performance. Requirements: Experience building and designing RESTful API’s using dynamic programming languages / frameworks such as Node.js Strong software development fundamentals, data structures, design patterns, Object-Oriented programming, architecture, algorithms and problem solving skills. Experience leading / owning cross-functional initiatives or projects Very strong knowledge of how the Web works and how to make it efficient (HTTP, caching, page rendering, etc) Deep understanding and experience working on distributed/high trafficked systems. Able to clearly communicate to technical and non-technical audiences Ability to craft simple and elegant solutions to complex problems. Passionate about what you do and care deeply about the things you build. Bonus Skills: BS or MS degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, Physics, or related field To see some of our featured Open Source projects go to: http://tec h.shutters tock.com	Senior Software Engineer – Shutterstock API	Shutterstock	New York	NY	New York, NY	Shutterstock	Thu, 08 Oct 2015 17:20:47 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=83eb4a4c6e5994c6&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1FsDFJuKPJI4aGVbO6WRdSJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke8lm451dlc3s
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Senior Software Engineer C++ Seeking a strong C++ developer with a passion for building robust, high performance software. Be part of a team that develops feed handlers for the most important financial data sources from all over the world, such as stock exchanges, news vendors, and pricing contributors. You will help create complex software systems from the ground up, involved in all aspects of the development life cycle, from requirements planning through to QA and troubleshooting. The work environment is fast-paced, spirited, and friendly. Expect to make immediate contributions! A minimum of 3 years of hands-on C++ development experience on Linux/UNIX - Strong programming fundamentals - Familiarity with multi-threading and networking protocols (e.g., TCP/IP, UDP, and multicast) preferred - Strong analytical and problem-solving skills - Strong communication skills For immediate consideration, please email annabelle.soper@rht.com or call 609-987-8010.	Senior Software Engineer C++ - GREAT CO & BENEFITS!	Robert Half Technology	New York	NY	New York, NY	Robert Half Technology	Fri, 30 Oct 2015 10:41:58 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=16e77bbb0713e523&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1FsDFJuKPJI4aGVbO6WRdSJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke8lm451dlc3s
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	JOB DESCRIPTION: The Software Engineer will be responsible for developing and designing systems to support employer's trading, middle office &amp; back office activities, with a focus on Front, Middle, Back Office and Accounting projects. The position will be located in Old Greenwich, CT. Responsibilities will include but are not limited to: Projects will be varied and may consist of: Supporting and enhancing Ellington's Portfolio Management Application (C#/VB.Net, SQL Server 2008-2012); Supporting various internal Portfolio Level valuation systems written in .Net, Python, SQL Server Development, administration and support of Ellington's Private and Public Investor Websites (ASP.Net MVC, C#/JavaScript/JQuery, SQL Server 2008-2012); Migration of legacy accounting data to internal Accounting system; Supporting and enhancing internal Accounting platform (MS .Net, SQL Server 2008/2012); Supporting and enhancing the Loan Management System (MS .Net, SQL Server 2008/2012); Design &amp; maintain highly functional user interfaces and reports (C#/JavaScript/JQuery, Microsoft Reporting Services); Further projects could include developing stored procedures, and user defined functions on the SQL Server using both Transact-SQL. QUALIFICATIONS: Bachelor's or Master's degree or foreign equivalent in Computer Science or Engineering required 1-5 years of programming experience in a non-academic environment in MS-SQL Server (T-SQL) and Microsoft .NET environments Must have strong object oriented development experience. Able to design multi-threaded MS Windows &amp; web interfaces. Must have strong writing and verbal communication skills and must be able to work in an agile development environment. Modeling experience in a relational database environment is highly desirable. 	Software Engineer	Career Path Group	New York	NY	New York, NY	Career Path Group	Fri, 25 Sep 2015 03:49:00 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=4b96e3a71fb90ab7&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1FsDFJuKPJI4aGVbO6WRdSJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke8lm451dlc3s
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Develop tools which ensure the integrity of complex software systems. Qualifications: Ph.D. in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or Software Engineering. Research experience in compilers or static analysis. Maybe your area of expertise is reverse engineering, or vulnerability detection, or code rewriting. Lots of languages: C, C++, Java, machine code, etc. It's not just about our own code, it's about taking other people's software apart and showing them what makes it tick. Required experience: Compiler or Static Analysis: 1 year 	Software Engineer - Research (Java)	Compiler Inc.	New York	NY	New York, NY	Indeed	Sun, 25 Oct 2015 15:39:42 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=1096df203003a13a&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1FsDFJuKPJI4aGVbO6WRdSJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke8lm451dlc3s
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Employer: Thomson Reuters (Markets) LLC Job Site: 3 Times Square, New York, NY 10036 Job Title: Software Engineer (New York, NY) The Transactions Development Group (TDG) with the Eikon organization is responsible for the design, development, support and maintenance of Thomson Reuters’ customer facing transactions desktop products. These include current and next gen desktops, both within and external to the flagship Eikon application. The group is located predominantly in New York and Nottingham, UK. Software Engineer is responsible for desktop transactions products within the Eikon application, currently focused on a trade activity reporting capability called SDR View. Software Engineer will join a vibrant and high performing team of outstanding technologists, delivering a range of products designed to meet the pre-trade, execution and post-trade needs of a wide variety of financial professionals. Will be working in a global organisation with development groups and business stakeholders in several international locations, therefore, good communication skills are crucial. Will work directly with product managers to decompose requirements into designs, contribute to an agile development process, and ensure development and design best practices. W ill also undertake a 3 rd line support role for our product in Production. Job Duties: 1. Operate as part of a local NY team as part of a wider global development organization. 2. Implement technical solutions for multi-asset class trading products using Java, .NET C#, SQL, web technologies such as JavaScript, HTML5, CSS, AngularJS for desktop and in the future, mobile devices. 3. Provide technical oversight to wider contract resources contributing to projects. 4. Use off-the-shelf and develop specialist in-house tools for automatically assuring the robustness of the application, including the functional, performance and capacity aspects of the product. 5. Work with project managers and business staff to define product requirement specifications. 6. Design and develop applications based on written product requirement specifications and contribute to development project estimates. 7. Keep manager informed on project progress and identify issues early in the process. 8. Perform unit testing throughout the development process to ensure high quality code and effective code integration. 9. Participate in design inspections and code walk-through reviews as the development group’s routine procedure. 10. Understand and enforce development best practices and appropriate coding standards within the development group. 11. Work with Quality Assurance team to assist in QA testing by providing insight knowledge in application workflow and functionalities as well as suggesting appropriate testing methodology. 12. Create and maintain automated application build scripts and conduct application deployment to the QA and production environments. 13. Apply code maintenance and application enhancements as needed to achieve satisfactory system resilience. 14. Work closely with business group and operations team to provide efficient technical support and to troubleshoot production issues in a timely manner. 15. Work directly with customers to understand their requirements and address issues. Responsible for the analysis, definition, design, construction, testing, installation, modification, and maintenance of properly engineered information systems, containing software as the major component to meet agreed business needs. To view the full job code description, copy and paste the following url into your browser to access the GRF site, https://reachingourpeople.com/career-development/global-role-framework/. We are the leading source of intelligent information for the world's businesses and professionals, providing customers with competitive advantage. Intelligent information is a unique synthesis of human intelligence, industry expertise and innovative technology that provides decision-makers with the knowledge to act, enabling them to make better decisions faster. We deliver this must-have insight to the financial and risk, legal, tax and accounting, intellectual property and science and media markets, powered by the world's most trusted news organization. Qualifications Master’s degree (or foreign equivalent) in Computer Science, Information Technology or related field, plus 3 years’ experience in object-oriented software development. In the alternative, employer will accept a Bachelor’s degree (or foreign equivalent) in Computer Science, Information Technology or related field, plus 5 years’ experience in object-oriented software development. Experience may be gained concurrently and must include: 1) 3 years’ software development experience including Java, C#, HTML5 or Javascript 2) 3 years’ experience in SQL language programming 3) 2 years’ experience designing software solutions to meet product requirements including refinement of requirements working with product managers 4) 2 years’ experience in HTML5, CSS, JavaScript and related libraries 5) 2 years’ experience in scripting: at least 2 of Ant, Perl, or bash 6) 2 years’ experience using or building test harness tools for assuring functional completeness, performance and/or capacity of systems. 7) 2 years’ experience in Continuous Integration methodology and tools. 8) 1 experience in C# programming, .NET programming, and building mobile apps. 9) Experience working with a geographically distributed team and stakeholders. At Thomson Reuters, we believe what we do matters. We are passionate about our work, inspired by the impact it has on our business and our customers. As a team, we believe in winning as one - collaborating to reach shared goals, and developing through challenging and meaningful experiences. With over 60,000 employees in more than 100 countries, we work flexibly across boundaries and realize innovations that help shape industries around the world. Making this happen is a dynamic, evolving process, and we count on each employee to be a catalyst in driving our performance - and their own. As a global business, we rely on diversity of culture and thought to deliver on our goals. To ensure we can do that, we seek talented, qualified employees in all our operations around the world regardless of race, color, sex/gender, including pregnancy, gender identity and expression, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, disability, age, marital status, citizen status, veteran status, or any other protected classification under country or local law. Thomson Reuters is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer providing a drug-free workplace. Intrigued by a challenge as large and fascinating as the world itself? Come join us. To learn more about what we offer, please visit careers.thomsonreuters.com. More information about Thomson Reuters can be found on thomsonreuters.com. Job: Technology Development Family Group Primary Location: United States of America-New York Organization: F&amp;R UPG Desktop Schedule: Full-time Job Type: Standard Shift: Day Job	Software Engineer	Thomson Reuters	New York	NY	New York, NY	Thomson Reuters	Mon, 12 Oct 2015 11:28:57 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=bee31aa47dd9cd18&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1FsDFJuKPJI4aGVbO6WRdSJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke8lm451dlc3s
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Our ideal candidate is a software engineer and web developer with a strong track &amp; field background. The fan experience at The Armory is very important to us. This candidate would have the opportunity to work on huge track meets with a crew of people who want to make track &amp; field as exciting as possible. This candidate would be in charge of database administration and overseeing our event management software. We need someone who can maintain this software and help us implement additional tools – both custom and third party – to improve our efficiencies. This person would oversee ArmoryTrack.com – which falls under the RunnerSpace.com umbrella of websites. Working with both content editors and the team at RunnerSpace.com to push ArmoryTrack.com into the future. This is a full time, year round, salaried position based Job Type: Full-time Required experience: FileMakerPro: 2 years 	Track & Field Software Engineer & Web Designer	The Armory Track & Field Center	New York	NY	New York, NY	Indeed	Mon, 05 Oct 2015 20:19:04 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=054f7802b0a9fb99&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2jnhBUojIVFWiJXtjtq-5eJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke8pjh50pecaj
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Bluefly.com, a leading online merchant offering top designer and name brand apparel and accessories at a value, is seeking a Software Engineer (Java) to join our Technology Team. This is a fantastic opportunity to work in a vibrant startup-like environment that fuses the dynamic worlds of technology, fashion, and the internet. This technical position will report to the Director of Software Engineering and will be developing the technology solutions supporting Bluefly internet properties. The ideal candidate must be self-motivated with a keen interest in, and familiarity with Agile project execution. You will be responsible for delivering projects in a dynamic, fast paced, agile ecommerce environment. We are looking for candidates who have a strong background in Java and services-based development for online commerce, with proven abilities to innovate and be creative. We need highly motivated, goal-oriented individuals who will be responsible for building software solutions to meet our business needs. Ideal candidates will have experience with Java, web services, and object-oriented programming. Candidates should be excellent team players, yet capable of working independently, and will be able to execute against multiple projects at once. Role Responsibilities Work on a daily basis with other developers, software architects, TPMs, and database architects Analyze business requirements and technical specifications to ensure that all solutions adhere to modern design principles and performance standards Actively participate in release planning, sprint planning and estimation sessions. Produce POC or solution demos to prove out new technologies Stay connected with ongoing industry innovations to expose to the organization to the latest in technology and techniques Requirements 5+ years of relevant web development experience or equivalent combination of education and work experience 3+ years Java development experience with external customer facing eCommerce sites Knowledge of SOA concepts is required. Strong technical understanding of SQL\Oracle, JDBC, XML, JSON, Hibernate, and Spring is required. Experience with Solr/Lucene is desirable Experience with Web Services technologies including REST, SOAP and WSDL is desirable Expertise with agile/SCRUM development methodologies and software development lifecycle principles preferred Experience with git and SVN (or similar source control tools) is required. Experience with Maven, Jenkins, Continuum, or similar tools for automated build and deployment preferred Ability to build relationships across the company, and understand at a high level what initiatives are moving forward in all technology areas required	Software Engineer (Java)	Bluefly	New York	NY	New York, NY	Bluefly	Thu, 08 Oct 2015 06:32:58 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=6c0767dc65055847&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2jnhBUojIVFWiJXtjtq-5eJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke8pjh50pecaj
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Our team of engineers builds solutions to the most complex problems. We develop cutting-edge systems and processes that form the core of our key business and enable transactions to move in milliseconds. We provide real-time access to critical deal information and crunch billions of data points each day to inform firm-wide market insights and strategies. Team members have the opportunity to work at the forefront of technology innovation alongside industry leaders and make significant contributions to the field. GSAM Reconciliation and Data Services Technology group consists of about 20 developers, primarily involved in developing and enhancing SVS, a Goldman Sachs’ premier industry-leading flexible reconciliation platform, as well as building modern data analytics and data services architectures based on REST services that enable SaaS and PaaS implementations. The team supports a large number of Operations staff across the globe and it cooperates with other teams in GSAM technology for providing technology solution for REST Services, Big Data processing and The role will consist of design, coding, testing and implementation of REST Services API’s and core SVS components Basic Qualifications •Ideal candidate must have strong analytical and communications skills, and be able to operate independently and manage multiple tasks, interacting daily with users, peers and management in multiple time zones •Prior experience in developing &amp; supporting enterprise applications for clustered server environment is desired •Enterprise Java programming •Messaging &amp; SOA •Java, JSP, Servlets, Struts or Spring •Java performance monitoring &amp; tuning •SQL (Sybase, experience in Sybase IQ is helpful) Preferred Qualifications •Database design and query optimization •Knowledge of Hibernate •Knowledge of ETL tools (e.g. Informatica) •Knowledge of ECHache, Terracotta or JemFire caching products •Knowledge of QlikView Goldman Sachs is an equal employment/affirmative action employer Female/Minority/Disability/Vet. © The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., 2015. All rights reserved.	Technology - GSAM Technology - Software Engineer	Goldman Sachs	Jersey City	NJ	Jersey City, NJ	Goldman Sachs	Thu, 01 Oct 2015 06:04:28 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=d972fcac5a9034e1&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2jnhBUojIVFWiJXtjtq-5eJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke8pjh50pecaj
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Mission: MayStreet's mission is to make high frequency capital markets more transparent, accessible and stable through better technology. Company: MayStreet designs and develops advanced technology for capital markets. The speed, scale and distributed nature of contemporary finance makes electronic trading more difficult every day. Our software allows firms to thrive in today's highly distributed, fast moving markets. Role: Developers will be focused on adding functionality to our primary product, Bellport. All production code is written in C++. We use Test Driven Development to ensure the quality and correctness of releases. Developers can expect to work with a high quality, well organized code base that is used to solve challenging problems. We are a technology firm above all else and believe that developers can thrive when given meaningful challenges in a supportive environment. Depending on a developers's skills and interests they can expect to focus on either low latency systems development, application development or big data problems. Requirements: Excellent problem solving, coding and design skills A strong work ethic A desire to be part of a fast moving and dynamic company Very nice to have: Deep C/C++ language understanding Expert understanding of threading, concurrent programming,compiler optimizations, code generation and assembly language constructs Benefits &amp; Perks: An engineering culture, the quality of our product and the support we give to clients defines our success. Team oriented culture, we all succeed together. You can take on big challenges and know you'll have a team to support you. We succeed or fail together. Meaningful profit participation and/or equity for key contributors. 	C++ Software Engineer	MayStreet LLC	New York	NY	New York, NY	MayStreet LLC	Sat, 26 Sep 2015 18:18:27 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=da90c7db54399018&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2jnhBUojIVFWiJXtjtq-5eJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke8pjh50pecaj
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Position: Senior Software Engineer Summary: The Digital Distribution &amp; Products group is seeking a smart, passionate and ready to collaborate Sr. Software Engineer within our Product &amp; Innovations team, working on a variety of digital platforms focused on serving our award winning journalism to the American audiences. We welcome talented engineers to craft brilliant solutions to even bigger ideas. As a Senior Software Engineer, you’ll be a member of a small cross-functional Scrum team and get involved in every aspect of the product development cycle. You’ll work closely with Product and Project Managers and be in charge of the development of your product features. The candidate must have experience developing for web and/or mobile across multiple web languages/frameworks—including back-end engineering experience and an understanding of how to translate design and business requirements into flexible platforms and solutions. This position will report to the Director of Digital Products. This is an outstanding opportunity to lead the development effort for a growing digital media platform, as well as expand into new areas such as product UX/design and workflow optimization. A demonstrated interest in designing innovative user experiences for a global news platform will be valuable. Key Responsibilities: Lead the engineering and development effort for Al Jazeera’s internal and consumer-facing platforms; Contribute to existing applications &amp; APIs with heavy traffic Own the design, development and integration of systems and back-end services that power Al Jazeera’s core products; collaborate to build new features to improve workflow Solve complex technical problems in an elegant and scalable manner, particularly around API integrations and content/video workflows Collaborate with User Experience and Product teams to help build fast, consistent and delightful user interfaces Manage and oversee the output of vendor developers’ work and its integration with other technology vendors Skills &amp; Experience: 4-7+ years of web programming experience, using Agile software development, modern design patterns and emerging web technologies Experience with a variety of Ruby solutions (Rails, Rspec, Sidekiq, Active Job and other Rails technologies), application servers, multi-threading; working knowledge of cloud services such as AWS or Heroku and standard API integrations Web application design, data structures, JavaScript libraries, responsive design and HTML5/CSS3. Exposure to backbone.js, ember.js, angular.js or other MV* frameworks is helpful Passion for building new products and tools in a fast-paced team environment. Ability to solve complex technical problems and effectively communicate solutions to system architects, peers and management. Understanding of digital media and content delivery a plus Proven track record in developing top-tier applications on schedule; strong written and oral communication skills needed Experience with mobile development (iOS/Android) a plus 	Senior Software Engineer	Aljazeera	New York	NY	New York, NY	Aljazeera	Tue, 29 Sep 2015 23:26:37 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=16710ac187bae998&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2jnhBUojIVFWiJXtjtq-5eJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke8pjh50pecaj
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Our Clinical Systems department’s topnotch Integration team is seeking a Senior Software Engineer to work on critical, enterprise-level initiatives, specifically designing integration solutions for sharing data among various EHRs, Revenue Cycle, Clinical /Ancillary and Business systems. In this role, you will work on developing integration workflows, test plans, and test cases. Responsibilities include: Analysis and documentation of user needs and requirements Development of HL7, EDI/X12, XML and other customized solutions and specifications for interfaces Creation and execution of test plans Interface troubleshooting and problem resolution Written system and end-user documentation Interface between the departmental users/clients and the various divisions within Montefiore’s IT departments Document integration workflow, workflow redesign and procedural changes Communicate with the EMR, Revenue Cycle and Business systems vendors and identify and document requirements Develop and modify interface specifications document based on project requirements. Create and execute test plans for each interface. Participate in end user and integration testing Develop turnover documentation of interfaces to support. Troubleshoot HL7, XML and other application issues. Provide day-to-day operational support for Interfaces Coordinate modifications to HL7, XML and EDI interfaces with different departments Recommend improvements and increase efficiency of the IT systems and users Assist with coordination of vendor activities including hardware and software installation Test new systems, version upgrades, interfaces and other system modifications Participate in 24 x 7 on-call coverage rotation. Qualifications: 5+ years of IT experience, with 50% of that time working with Integration Engine employing SOA/Enterprise Service Bus technology stack 3 – 5 years of experience with the Java Development Kit (JDK) programming – versions 1.5 or 1.6 or higher or other object oriented programming languages such as C# and VB.Net. 2+ years SQL experience (Cache, MS SQL, Oracle, Sybase, MySQL). Familiarity with HL7, XML/CDA and EDI Standards Experience integrating the Health Enterprise (IHE) Infrastructure Profiles such as XCA, XDS, PDQ, PIX, XDR, XCPD, etc. Knowledge of standards adopted by Health Information Technology Standards Panel (HITSP) Experience with XML schema, Web Services and Data Services. Experience working in Windows, UNIX and LINUX environments Strong problem solving and analytical skills Desired: Experience with InterSystems Ensemble or other Integration Engines or strategies Department: Montefiore Information Technology Bargaining Unit: Non Union Campus: Montefiore IT Employment Status: Regular Full-Time Address: 3 Odell Plaza, Yonkers Shift: N/A Scheduled Hours: 8:30am-5pm Req ID: 59977 Equal Opportunity Employer LI-SC1-REDIRECT; SF-DICE-MIT	SENIOR SOFTWARE ENGINEER: INTEGRATION	Montefiore Medical Center	Yonkers	NY	Yonkers, NY	Montefiore Medical Center	Fri, 30 Oct 2015 17:31:04 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=2fcd5df3ca9be448&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2jnhBUojIVFWiJXtjtq-5eJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke8pjh50pecaj
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Title: Senior Software Engineer (Grade V) Location: Whippany, NJ or Fredericksburg, VA Classification: Exempt (Full Time) Position Summary: Breeze-Eastern isa leading global designer and manufacturer of high-performance lifting andpulling devices for military and civilian aircraft, including rescue hoists,winches, and cargo hooks. Rescue crewstrust their lives with Breeze-Eastern products, and we take that responsibilityseriously. The work we do benefits the greater good, and we are a global leaderbecause we keep the best on board. Our challenge isto develop and field next-generation helicopter search and rescue productsincluding rescue hoists and sensors for improving situational awareness. Breezehires some of the most talented engineers in the industry, and we are seekingcandidates who will bring thought leadership and a strong desire to succeed inthe delivery of innovative solutions and operational excellence to ourcustomers. The Senior SoftwareEngineer at Breeze-Eastern will plan, develop, and conduct engineering andproduct development projects that are of significant importance to theorganization. This position will be responsible for all phases of development,including requirements development, project planning, concept development,detailed design, prototyping, testing, transition to production, andaftermarket support. TheSenior Software Engineer will provide planning, reporting, and management supportin addition to technical implementation. As a senior resource on theteam, the Senior Software Engineer will need to be able to recognize projectsuccess from multiple levels of financial, technical, and timeline managementresponsibilities. Duties: Lead software engineering development of significant engineering projects with activities that include design, testing, and qualification to aerospace standards. Lead software activities of project teams, comprised of in-house staff, contractors, and consultants. Develop specifications, provide technical direction, and review work products. Evaluates software systems, products, components, and applications by designing and conducting research programs; applying knowledge of software development. Performs original and innovative software design; develops plans, schedules, and identifies resources required to develop products. Coordinates software development process. Design secure web servers and portals for accepting and organizing large data sets, and displaying data analytics. Develop scripts to automate server maintenance tasks. Assures product quality by designing software testing methods; testing finished products and system capabilities. Prepares product reports by collecting, analyzing, and summarizing information and trends. Provides engineering information by answering questions and requests. Work both individually and as a leader and key contributor on project teams. Maintains professional and technical knowledge by attending educational workshops; reviewing professional publications; establishing personal networks; participating in professional societies. Required Education and Experience: BS Computer Science or Computer Engineering degree (or equivalent) from an ABET-accredited college or university. An advanced engineering degree (MS) and/or project management certification is desired. Minimum experience of 8 years working as a software or systems engineer. Job Requirements: Strong leadership, teamwork, communication, organizational, and project management skills. Excellent problem solving and time management skills. Fluency in Java, C#, and Objective C. Experience with database design and scripting. Experience with one or more of the following: database design and scripting mobile technologies, advanced database design, and data visualization, web services and web security. Experience with product design lifecycle from requirements definition to system architecture to design, test, and maintenance. Breeze-Eastern is committed to the principles of equalemployment opportunity. It is the policy of Breeze-Eastern to recruit, hire,train, and promote persons in all job titles without regard to race, color,religion, sex, age, disability, veteran status, national origin, or any othercharacteristic protected by applicable law.	Senior Software Engineer V	breeze eastern	Union	NJ	Union, NJ	breeze eastern	Sat, 07 Nov 2015 17:46:58 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=50a569784c501c50&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2jnhBUojIVFWiJXtjtq-5eJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke8pjh50pecaj
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Shutterstock is looking for top technologists to join our team and help drive the future of our platform. You will be working with highly motivated and extremely talented engineers on backend services with quality, performance and scale in mind at every step of the way. Our core belief is that the customers are our number one priority so we work hard to deliver value back to them with everything we do. We believe strongly in team ownership of systems, which includes defining the vision of the services to prioritization of projects. Responsibilities: Contributing to all aspects of the services under the team’s ownership, which includes design, implementation, refactoring, automated testing, deployment, and uptime of the services. Helping other team members grow as engineers through code review, pairing, and mentoring. Improving internal team processes by keeping what's working, throwing away what's not. Setting the vision of the services under the team's ownership. Aligning roadmap based on customer and company desires. Building the technology the right way: for us, this means simple, well-tested systems that gradually grow over time, and that provide plenty of insight into production performance. Requirements: Full-Stack software development experience using html, JavaScript and CSS Very strong knowledge of how the Web works and how to make it efficient (HTTP, caching, page rendering, etc) Experience building and designing highly scalable services, and RESTful API’s that power multiple consumers. Experience with SOA architecture working on distributed/high trafficked systems. Understanding of datastores including relational and NoSQL based. Ability to craft simple and elegant solutions to complex problems. Solid software development fundamentals (Data Structures, algorithms, problem solving, OO Design, and system architecture). Passionate about what you do and care deeply about the things you build. Able to clearly communicate to technical and non-technical audiences. Experience programming in at least one OO language Has a good understanding of continuous delivery, writing unit tests and automated testing. 3-5 years of relevant experience BS or MS degree in Computer Science or related experience Bonus Skills: Node.js web development experience Experience with automated configuration tools like Puppet, Chef or Ansible Experience building event-driven or message-driven architecture using tools like RabbitMQ and Kafka. Experience working in an agile environment ​ To see some of our featured Open Source projects go to: http://tec h.shutters tock.com	Node Software Engineer	Shutterstock	New York	NY	New York, NY	Shutterstock	Thu, 08 Oct 2015 17:20:38 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=fba1f866d31c12f1&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2jnhBUojIVFWiJXtjtq-5eJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke8pjh50pecaj
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	iHeartRadio, iHeartMedia’s free digital radio service, is the No. 1 all-in-one digital audio service with over 600 million downloads; it reached its first 20 million registered users faster than any digital service in Internet history and reached 70 million users faster than any digital music service and even faster than Twitter, Facebook and Pinterest. We are seeking a talented senior mobile engineer to join our world class iOS engineering team. Ideally, you are already experienced in iOS and have seen things, and still get goosebumps when you are reminded of them. You feel right at home within a tight knit, fast moving Agile team alongside your engineering colleagues, product manager and test engineers and care about good coding. In this role, expect to build key features on the main iHeartRadio iOS platform and work to improve many others. You will also help improve performance, update analytics processing, hunt down bugs, and construct additional pylons. Expect to write unit tests, and ideally you know about continuous integration and enjoy pull request code review dialogue! Maybe you have worked in a vertical team before with full stack engineers and tried your hand at writing the server side APIs on a project as well? If you have ever been kept up all night, at least once, racking your brain on how to fix a bad bug or improve app performance, this might be the role for you! Minimum Bronze League Experience. Responsibilities: Develop, debug, test and deploy features on iHeart iOS apps and remote, automotive clients Update common code libraries used in phones, tablets, watches, TVs and automobiles Devise creative solutions to improve streaming features and mobile user experience Write unit and functional tests, and follow continuous integration principles Requirements: 3+ years of experience with Objective-C and iOS SDKs (experience with Swift is a plus) Experience debugging and profiling iOS applications Knowledge of continuous integration tools like Jenkins or Travis CI Ability to independently set tasks and complete work with limited direction Ability to devise creative technical solutions Excellent verbal and written communication skills Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or equivalent Required Skills Required Experience	Senior Mobile Software Engineer, iOS	iHeartMedia, Inc.	New York	NY	New York, NY	iHeartMedia, Inc.	Sun, 01 Nov 2015 08:19:15 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=f261278d2df7d14d&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2jnhBUojIVFWiJXtjtq-5eJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke8pjh50pecaj
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Greenhouse is looking for a Senior Software Engineer who will work on our Infrastructure team and help us take our platform to the next level of security, stability, and scalability. You should be experienced with challenges related to scaling backend infrastructure. This is an excellent opportunity to get in on the ground floor at a VC-backed SaaS startup with great traction, revenue and customers. If you thrive in an entrepreneurial environment and value working with outstanding teams to create delightful products, you may be a great fit for this position. Why you should apply: Combine a mix of programming and web operations Play a critical part of our engineering organization Help design, build, and maintain the platform that runs the Greenhouse organization What you will do: Build and run scalable, distributed, and fault-tolerant cloud infrastructure Design a deployment platform based on Docker Develop tools to support developer-driven deployments Build a system that supports continuous delivery Support multi-region service delivery and disaster recovery Monitor and alert for both service availability and security incidents Architect for security, performance, and scalability In your first month at Greenhouse, you will set up our platform in your own development environment and deploy the Greenhouse application to it, become familiar with technologies like Docker, Consul, Ansible, CloudFormation, Mesos, and implementing and pushing to production a new, well-tested feature into our deployment platform. Within your first year at Greenhouse, you will be making key decisions about the design and implementation of our infrastructure, and take ownership of a major component of the platform. You will mentor junior software engineers and site reliability engineers in proper software engineering craftsmanship, and you will be able to function as an on-call engineer in support of the platform that you have built. You should have: Our preferred programming language is Ruby, but we’ll happily take an engineer who is willing to learn something new (our engineers have come from prior Python, Java, and OCaml jobs) Solid understanding of Linux fundamentals (primarily Ubuntu), including networking, security, systems administration, and performance analysis Experience with cloud computing and virtualization, especially the AWS stack Experience with or willingness to work with Docker is a plus Experience with a DVCS such as Git Pay, perks &amp; such: At Greenhouse, we take care of our employees. We provide competitive salaries, stock options and a full slate of benefits including health coverage, an FSA, a 401K plan and pre-tax commuter benefits. We also have a flexible vacation policy and sponsor seasonal sports leagues (kickball fans rejoice!). Perks include catered lunches on Mondays, fully-stocked pantries and great desk gear to help you get your job done. We pride ourselves on company get-togethers like Feelings Fridays and our quarterly All Hands meetings, which reinforces our culture of collaboration and connectivity. Most of us are located in our NYC headquarters in Union Square, and we’ve got a pretty stellar team out in San Fran as well. We're transforming the way companies hire. We're also on quite the hiring spree ourselves. Since its founding in 2012, Greenhouse has doubled in size every six months. We’ve grown our customer base by 500% in the last year alone and also raised $60MM from top VC firms to help fuel our hyper-growth. Greenhouse’s core values and culture are built around being effective, authentic, customer-focused, open-minded, collaborative, and ambitious. Every Greenhouse employee has a direct impact on the growth and direction	Senior Software Engineer - Infrastructure	Greenhouse	New York	NY	New York, NY	Greenhouse	Sun, 11 Oct 2015 10:59:00 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=03e55fe03e4cc607&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2jnhBUojIVFWiJXtjtq-5eJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke8pjh50pecaj
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Principal Software Engineer, MEAN Stack Do you think about writing beautiful code while eating breakfast? Do you build applications you are proud of and want to tell your friends about them? Do you appreciate elegant solutions but also know when to build simple first and iterate? We are starting up an Innovation Lab in New York City to support our Commercial Bank and to fuel the business with most compelling, high value products using cutting edge technologies through: - The development and rapid delivery of next-generation digital products and prototypes - Embracing and incubating emerging technology and open source products - Collaboration with various partners in the tech, startup and academic ecosystems - Seeding and extending innovation into the greater organization to develop key talent, consistent with that of a leading technology company As a software engineer you will be part of lean start-up like technology team and you will report directly to the Vice President of Innovation and Architecture. What you will need to bring for this position: - Innovative thinking with a passion for problem-solving - Ability to provide a logical framework to support conclusions and ideas. - Intellectual curiosity - Great attitude, team player and energy amplifier. Flexible and adaptable to changing priorities and technologies - Insatiable hunger to learn and code on new technologies - Take ideas and concepts, and visualize them in ways such that they are communicated effectively and compellingly for internal leaders, partners and customers - Knowledge of Front End web development for Web and Mobile apps - Java and surrounding technologies including APIs, Cloud, Big Data and open source technologies - Database concepts and working knowledge - Understanding of SDLC and experience developing in an Agile environment - Understanding of HTML5 (Web Workers, Web Sockets, Canvas, Local Storage) - Understanding of CSS3 and responsive design concepts Responsibilities: - Work as part of a dynamic team throughout the software development life cycle - Collaborate with other software engineers and analysts to implement enhancements or new applications - Develop code to meet story acceptance criteria - Strong analytical and problem-solving skills - Conduct design and code review to ensure compliance with standards - Create automated test suites to validate the quality of your code - Estimate level of effort to develop code to meet acceptance criteria - Ability to work independently in a fast paced, unstructured environment - Ensure adherence to continuous improvement practices as required to meet quality / time to market imperatives - Ability to work independently in a fast paced, unstructured environment - Maintain records to document program development and revisions - Experience with R, Hadoop, data mining, machine learning, statistical modeling tools and underlying algorithms a plus - A robust portfolio of shipped code on GitHub or other open Source contributions and experience with distributed/scalable systems a plus. - Practical experience providing and consuming REST APIs and creating MicroServices along with experience with iPhone, iPad, android, iOS or other mobile platforms would set candidate apart. Excellent communication and analytical skills are a must - At least 2 years of experience with build tools such as Hudson, Jenkins, Maven, etc. QualificationsBasic Qualifications: - Bachelors Degree or military experience - At least 6 years of development experience Preferred Qualifications: - 2 years of experience in Web development - 2 years of mobile app - 2 years of experience as developer within Technology Agile Teams - 2 years of experience with continuous integration and build tools - 2 years of experience with single page applications in JavaScript - 2 years of experience with Node.js - 2 years of experience with AngularJS, - 2 years of experience with EmberJS - 2 years of experience with React/Flux - 2 years of experience with Java or 2 years of experience with C# - 2 years of experience with Ruby or 2 years of experience with Python Capital One will consider sponsoring a new qualified applicant for employment authorization for this position.No agencies please. Capital One is an equal opportunity employer committed to diversity in the workplace. Capital One promotes a drug-free workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to gender, race, color, age, national origin, religion, disability, genetic information, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity/assignment, citizenship, pregnancy or maternity, protected veteran status, or any other status protected by applicable national, federal, state or local law. Capital One will consider for employment qualified applicants with a criminal history in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable laws regarding criminal background inquiries, including, to the extent applicable, Article 23-A of the New York Correction Law; San Francisco, California Police Code Article 49, Sections 4901-4920; Newark, New Jersey Ordinance 12-1630; and other applicable federal, state, and local laws and regulations regarding criminal background inquiries. JobTechnologyPrimary LocationUnited States-New York-New York-114 5th Ave (22114)ScheduleFull-timeTravelYes, 10 % of the TimeJob PostingUnposting Date	Software Engineer, MEAN Stack	Capital One	New York	NY	New York, NY	Capital One	Wed, 07 Oct 2015 08:58:00 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=0b82eecf3b71b14b&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2jnhBUojIVFWiJXtjtq-5eJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke8pjh50pecaj
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Outbrain is seeking an Operations Software Engineer who can help us make sure we can continue to serve billions of requests each month to users around the globe. This role has a specific focus on software development within an operations context, focusing on building internal automation and infrastructure tooling. The ideal candidate has broad technical experience, including an understanding of Linux core concepts and an understanding of how software interacts with both the underlying OS as well as user-facing clients. Deliverables This role will be integral in bridging the development and operations teams, increasing agility, and decreasing downtimes across our content recommendations platform. Your first year should look like this: In your first month, you should find your bearings, get to know your team of developers and SysAdmin in NYC and Israel, do a deep dive into our product and systems, and start to build internal automation. After your first month, you’ll have a deep knowledge of the Outbrain Infrastructure. After six months, you’ll have been part of the team researching, architecting, developing and rolling out the self-serve platform for our monitoring needs, used by engineers around the world. When you finish up your first year, you’ll be an essential part of the Platform Operations &amp; Engineering team, having rolled out the monitoring platform to the entire company. What you’ll need to be successful: In order to meet the deliverables specced out above, here’s what we think you’ll need: Knowledge of and interest in OpenSource and modern languages/technologies. Not just knowing them, but an interest in what’s new, and what could make everyone’s life much easier. Process automation - always looking for ways that you can shave hours off of someone’s work time. You know that startups tend to have a convoluted way of creating complex processes, and you can take a look at these and turn them into “click of a button”-grade automation. Communication - you’re able to walk the fellow engineers (next to you and remotely located) through the process you’re following and why, and can influence groups of people to get on board with a new idea. And then supporting them as they transition to using what you’ve developed. Basic understanding of Linux, it always helps to know where your code is running! #LI-CM2-LI	Operations Software Engineer	Outbrain Inc.	New York	NY	New York, NY	Outbrain Inc.	Mon, 28 Sep 2015 15:04:54 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=f150f25319e1e143&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2jnhBUojIVFWiJXtjtq-5eJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke8pjh50pecaj
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	The Senior Software Engineer is part of eCommerce team responsible for designing and building software components for the delivery of web applications to millions of Consumer Reports users. This role involves working hand-in-hand with business units to build state of the art scalable and robust web applications that are consumer centric. Design and coding skills with one or more of the functional programming languages, especially Clojure, is a plus. Qualifications Include: • Master’s degree in Computer Science or related fields with three years of relevant experience, or Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or related fields and five years of relevant experience in lieu. • Extensive experience in software development, modern design patterns and web technologies under e-commerce enabled environments using multi-tier architectures. • Experience with development environments that leverage Java, Spring framework, or Ruby on Rails, application servers, multi-threading. • Experience with modern web technologies, JavaScript libraries, AJAX, JSON, HTML5/CSS3 and responsive design. Exposure to backbone.js, ember.js, angular.js or other MV* frameworks. • Experience with Web Services, REST and API design. Experience with cloud services such as Amazon AWS or Heroku a plus. • Experience with relational/SQL databases, ORM and data abstraction technologies. Knowledge of No-SQL databases, MapReduce, or Hadoop a plus. • Working knowledge of Unix environments, including shell scripting such as Perl or Python. • Agile tools and methodologies, including continuous deployment and rapid integration. • Experience in software architecture and design, documentation, developing and maintaining large-scale, high-visibility systems. • Ability to solve complex technical problems and effectively communicate solutions to system architects, peers and management. • Experience with high volume, high-availability applications and systems. • Proven track record in developing high quality applications on schedule in a fast-paced development environment, high written and personal communication skills. • Experience with Payment processing, PCI DSS, and OWASP secure web coding a plus. PHYSICAL DEMANDS: Normal physical requirements associated with working in an office environment such as prolonged sitting, repetitive motion such as typing on a computer keyboard, etc. Key Responsibilities: • Design, develop, implement, and test software modules and other technology components for consumerreports.org and related customer-facing web properties using agile software development practices. • Develop and implement payment, billing and/or dynamic content delivery systems. • Analyze business requirements, provide development estimates and feedback, and determine implementation/execution approaches. • Work with other software engineers, database developers, infrastructure, operations and QA teams to design and implement quality software solutions. • Support, troubleshoot, monitor and optimize existing software systems. • Help streamline software development by contributing to implementation of a continual integration process, automating manual processes, and eliminating defects. • Performs other duties as assigned but not at a higher level. Consumers Reports is an Equal Opportunity Employer: PHYSICAL DEMANDS: Normal physical requirements associated with working in an office environment such as prolonged sitting, repetitive motion such as typing on a computer keyboard, etc.	Senior Software Engineer - eCommerce	Consumer Reports	Yonkers	NY	Yonkers, NY	Consumer Reports	Thu, 29 Oct 2015 22:21:47 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=4c14de0e2612c756&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2jnhBUojIVFWiJXtjtq-5eJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke8pjh50pecaj
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Dealertrack is currently looking for a Software Engineer with web development experience in Python - Django and exposure to Software as a Service to join our team in Lake Success, NY. Who We Are + What We Do: Dealertrack is the leading provider of digital solutions for automotive retail. Combining dealer perspectives, consumer insights, and tech-fueled innovation, we’ve built a marketing, sales, and operations platform that’s helping to transform the automotive retail industry. Our offices span nearly 20 cities from coast to coast with location-specific programs and amenities to create work environments that nurture collaboration, creativity, innovation and professional development. Our Engineering Team: Our Software Engineers are energetic influencers who have built a world-class software platform, for auto dealers, from the ground up. We’re looking for thinkers at every stage in their career with intensity and creativity to take on the biggest challenges in our industry. Risk-taking is encouraged here, and we reward great results. Collaboration and support are woven into the fabric of everything we do; from 24-hour Hackathon groups to sprint reviews and scrum teams, you’ll be immersed in an environment that nurtures individualism, creative problem-solving, and intellect. The Job: As a Software Engineer, you will work in a collaborative team environment that encourages you to perform at your best, and challenges you to engineer elegant solutions for complex business problems. You will architect, design and develop robust software systems with unit and systems testing. You will need to be able to quickly learn and use new technologies, troubleshoot difficult problems and be an expert with the software lifecycle including scoping and estimation of requirements along with writing of technical documentation. Technology We Use: Github Enterprise, Continuous Integration, Jenkins, Python, Django, Celery, Django Rest Framework, SQLAlchemy, Redis, MongoDB and vagrant. Responsibilities: Coding of SaaS applications in an Agile development environment Developing automated tests, predicting areas of risk, and coordinating with our QA staff to achieve the best blend of error prevention and error detection possible Collaborate with other developers on best practices, code reviews, internal tools and process improvements Guide, coach and mentor team members as required, assisting in the team’s skills development during software development projects What We Look For: Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or related field or equivalent experience. 3 - 5 years of related work experience. 3 – 4 years of total experience in object oriented web development (OOD) 2+ years of experience of web development with Python/Django 2 years of Java or other OOD web technology Ability to work independently; designing, developing and deploying solutions, and to deliver projects on time with minimal direction Experience with both UI and backend development including using one ORM technology 2+ years of experience with development work on Linux Experience using development tools include source control (SVN, Git, Mercurial), IDEs, and defect tracking tools Ability and desire to learn new skills and technologies are essential Stay connected and follow us on Twitter @DT_Careers to get the latest updates on new opportunities. Company: Dealertrack	Software Engineer - Python	Dealertrack	Lake Success	NY	Lake Success, NY	Dealertrack	Tue, 03 Nov 2015 15:41:44 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=9f279b951335e097&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2jnhBUojIVFWiJXtjtq-5eJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke8pjh50pecaj
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	This is a straight admin function. The person would be required to monitor the AS/400 for performance and issues. They would be responsible for problem resolution as it pertains to the system and the installed program products. They would also be responsible for installing and tailoring the products. Category: IT code: new	Software Engineer	Collabera	Jersey City	NJ	Jersey City, NJ	Collabera	Fri, 06 Nov 2015 13:20:09 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=0cb89457d482391f&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2jnhBUojIVFWiJXtjtq-5eJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke8pjh50pecaj
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	The Company TargetSpot is the largest digital audio advertising network, reaching nearly 40 Million unique users per month with more than 75 distribution partners, creating a network of 3,000+ radio stations, including CBS RADIO, AOL Radio, Entercom, Live 365, Last FM, Grooveshark, Yahoo! Music, MySpace Music and Cox Media Group. TargetSpot connects advertisers of all sizes to Web and Mobile radio listeners through high-impact, targeted, and measurable audio advertising solutions. Based in New York City, our investors include Union Square Ventures, Bain Capital Ventures and CBS Radio. The Team We are a small, committed team, aggressively working to raise our successful startup to the next level. We all wear many hats and expect all members of the team to step up and dig into any problem or project that comes up. We work hard, play harder (softball, basketball, 4:00 p.m. pull-ups), and keep hacking on weekends (#musichackday, #gamehackday, NYC BigApps). Job Description TargetSpot is looking for a bright and motivated LAMP software engineer with at least 5 years of experience to join our agile development team. The ideal candidate is a data-driven developer who is capable of designing scalable data models and writing highly optimized SQL. He or she is proactive and organized, loves building great products, develops applications that can support millions of users, and is borderline neurotic about code quality and employing the best software development practices. Experience working with Internet ad networks or ad exchanges is highly valued. Our Technology Stack MySQL PHP Apache Linux MongoDB memcache ActiveMQ lots of other cool bits and pieces	Senior Software Engineer LAMP, MySQL, MongoDB (New York, NY)	Elevate Recruiting Group	New York	NY	New York, NY	Elevate Recruiting Group	Wed, 04 Nov 2015 07:02:00 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=8196246d9906601d&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2jnhBUojIVFWiJXtjtq-5eJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke8pjh50pecaj
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	American Express is embarking on an exciting transformation driven by an energetic new team of high-performers. This group is nimble and creative with the power to shape our technology and product roadmap. If you have the talent and desire to deliver innovative payment products and services at a rapid pace, serving our customers seamlessly across physical, digital, mobile, and social media join our transformation team! Software Engineers that join our Technologies team can be assigned to one of several exciting teams that are developing new virtual internet-based payment solutions, customer service portals, online merchant services support and integration, credit management tools, and suites of web-based applications for cardmember targeted offers that will span over 20 international markets. You will be part of a fast-paced, entrepreneurial team responsible for delivering world class Cardmember experiences across multiple channels, including native iOS, Android, web, social integration, Java services, and APIs. You will be challenged with identifying innovative ideas and proof of concepts to deliver against the existing and future needs of our customers. · Serving as a core member of an agile team that drives user story analysis and elaboration, designs and develops software applications, and tests and builds automation tools · Owning all technical aspects of software development (architecture, design and development of systems) for assigned applications · Performing hands-on software development, typically spending about 50% of time writing code, doing proof of concepts, conducting code reviews and testing in ongoing sprints · Driving consistent development practices - tools and common components · Developing deep understanding of tie-ins with other systems and platforms within the supported domains · Working with technical product managers contributing to blueprints, and assisting with annual planning of feature sets · Identifying exciting opportunities for adopting new technology to solve existing needs and predicting future challenges Offer of employment with American Express is conditioned upon the successful completion of a background verification check, subject to applicable laws and regulations. Qualifications This high energy Senior Engineer must have: · 9 + years of software development experience, and preferably a BS or MS degree in computer science, computer engineering, or other technical discipline · Demonstrated experience in Agile development, application design, software development, and testing · Thorough understanding of DB2 UDB and data structure fundamentals. · Modifies and/or debugs in house developed applications. Prepares and modifies technical documentation for system software applications. · Assist in implementation of new features and program fixes in databases. · Perform troubleshooting and maintenance of multiple databases. · Experience with a broad range of software languages and payments technologies is a plus · Expertise in objected oriented analysis and design across a variety of platforms · A proven hunger to learn new technologies and translate them into working software · Ability to effectively communicate to internal and external business partners on solution design American Express is an equal opportunity employer and makes employment decisions without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, disability status, or any other status protected by law. Click here to view the "EEO is the Law" poster. ReqID: 15016301	Software Engineer- SQL/DB2	American Express	New York	NY	New York, NY	American Express	Tue, 29 Sep 2015 02:30:37 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=7a99318330b2d56f&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2jnhBUojIVFWiJXtjtq-5eJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke8pjh50pecaj
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Software Engineer Are you passionate about solving complex and interesting problems in the video technology space? Are you obsessed with scale, performance, and building beautiful products? If so, we are looking for you! VHX is a fast growing business in a fast moving industry. Some of our challenges and opportunities include: building tools and APIs to power the next generation of video networks, building a better-than-Netflix consumer video experience, improving our payments platform, and scaling out our service-oriented architecture. Software Engineer Responsibilities: Create preliminary specs for new features Lead development of all aspects of our applications (development, testing, deployment, architecture) Write well-tested, maintainable code Optimize and scale existing features Create technical documentation for APIs and component designs Provide technical support of applications (fixing bugs and supporting clients' needs) Solve challenging problems around premium video streaming and delivery Evolve our stats and analytics system WHAT WILL LAND YOU AN INTERVIEW: You can architect scalable and performant web applications and APIs Experience with Ruby, JavaScript, HTML5, SASS Experience with video, CDN's, and cloud computing You have developed libraries or applications and want to show them to us You work on side projects in your spare time WHAT WE'RE EXPECTING: Proven track record of building production-ready web applications Appreciation for the peace of mind that comes with well-tested, peer-reviewed, and documented code Takes ownership and monitors the things you architect Comfort with both SQL and an ORM, and have exposure to a variety of database technologies Great written and verbal communication You are self-directed and able to manage your time effectively to meet deadlines You are cool as a cucumber under pressure Bonus: Experience with video delivery or transcoding Bonus: Experience with payment platforms Bonus: Experience with managing infrastructure on AWS Who we are: VHX is an open distribution platform for anyone to sell video online. We've helped creators sell films, TV shows, comedy specials, web series and more, directly to their fans. Headquartered in DUMBO, Brooklyn, we’re a team of 20 and growing. We love jokes, video games, movie nights, and our office dogs. https://www.vhx.tv/about All interested candidates should apply at our listing at https://vhx.tv/jobs. Job Type: Full-time Required experience: Ruby, JavaScript, HTML5, SaaS: 2 years Required education: Bachelor's 	Software Engineer	VHX	Brooklyn	NY	Brooklyn, NY	Indeed	Tue, 06 Oct 2015 19:09:13 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=4acc02710701bd00&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2jnhBUojIVFWiJXtjtq-5eJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke8pjh50pecaj
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Technology drives our business — it's our main competitive advantage — and as a result, software engineers play a pivotal role. They tackle the hardest problems through analysis, experimentation, design, and elegant implementation. Software engineers at Two Sigma build what the organization needs to explore data's possibilities and act on our findings – to mine the past and attempt to predict the future. We create the tools at scale to enable vast data analysis; the technology we build enables us to engage in conversation with the data, and search for knowledge and insight. We champion a disciplined, collaborative, scientific approach which allows us to meet the immediate needs of the business, while innovating in a way that is constantly forward-looking and future-reaching. We attract engineers with a true passion for data. We seek individuals who want to build for today and invent for tomorrow. We value curiosity and insight, balanced with pragmatism and practicality. We recognize both the small steps, as well as the broad vision. Our challenges require mastery of areas such as, but not limited to: Kernel level development; Machine learning; Distributed systems. Requirements Include: At least a bachelor’s degree in a technical or quantitative field. Experience with C or languages that target the JVM. Experience in large-scale systems is highly desirable. Exceptional programming skills. Strong analytical and organizational skills. An obsession with building quality software. We are open-minded in our search for critical thinkers who are passionate about technology. While we analyze the data-rich domain of finance, financial experience is not a requirement. 	Software Engineer	Two Sigma Investments, LLC.	New York	NY	New York, NY	Two Sigma Investments, LLC.	Sat, 10 Oct 2015 06:35:00 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=66757b18c2787180&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2jnhBUojIVFWiJXtjtq-5eJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke8pjh50pecaj
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	About Us NBCUniversal is one of the world’s leading media and entertainment companies in the development, production, and marketing of entertainment, news, and information to a global audience. NBCUniversal owns and operates a valuable portfolio of news and entertainment television networks, a premier motion picture company, significant television production operations, a leading television stations group, and world-renowned theme parks. NBCUniversal’s policy is to provide equal employment opportunities to all applicants and employees without regard to race, color, religion, creed, gender, gender identity or expression, age, national origin or ancestry, citizenship, disability, sexual orientation, marital status, pregnancy, veteran status, membership in the uniformed services, genetic information, or any other basis protected by applicable law. Career Level Experienced Country United States State/Province New York City New York Responsibilities At NBCUniversal, we approach testing differently -- we are testing and breaking code constantly, but we help rebuild it better. Software Quality Engineers (SQE) design NBCU’s testing infrastructure and write code to examine and validate large-scale software development and deployments. As an SQE, you partner with software developers to create and code tests concurrently with product development with a focus on continuous integration. You build tools that help developers be more productive, write better code and test it themselves. Troubleshooting is an understatement; it's more like trouble-forecasting. The SQE will also act as a representative of the Software Quality Engineering Team in scrum meetings and provide input on how to provide better quality coverage for the applications supported. • Provide and implement a deployment strategy that is affordable, reliable, highly available, and can scale to support the development, testing, and release of various software applications • Develop scripts/programs to promote software from each environment (dev through prod) ensuring consistency • Maintain build automation toolkit by working within an internal community of developers who use it day-to-day • Assist in diagnosing and troubleshooting build, deployment, and infrastructure issues • Maintain both internal and external facing documentation on how the deployment works • Create alternative deployment solutions based on a diverse range of business requirements • Work with engineering team on identifying performance issues within application code and infrastructure • Work with Dev/Ops team in working in Amazon Web Services and various hosting providers • Provide support for multiple development teams Qualifications/Requirements • BS/MS in computer science or equivalent work-related experience • Experience with Linux, Amazon Web Services (AWS), Puppet, Chef • Experience with Continuous Integration (CI) tools such as Jenkins, Hudson, Bamboo • Experience with monitoring tools such as NewRelic, Nagios, • Experience with software configuration management tools such as GIT, SVN, etc • Proficiency with one or more scripting languages (Perl, Python, Ruby, Shell scripts, etc) • Familiarity with Agile software development • Familiarity with PHP, Composer, Drupal, a plus • Experience with build and deployment automation, and developing release migration plans • Performance testing experience using commercial or open-source tools (LoadRunner, jMeter, Curl, WebPageTest, Silk,)	Software Configuration Engineer	NBC Universal	New York	NY	New York, NY	NBC Universal	Fri, 02 Oct 2015 09:23:01 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=cfe8175a47384951&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2jnhBUojIVFWiJXtjtq-5eJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke8pjh50pecaj
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Our company is an early stage enterprise software company, providing solutions to financial organizations and entrepreneurs for managing their operations and investment transactions. We are adding to our highly talented team and looking to hire a Software Engineer. The role of a Software Engineer at our company consists of the following full time duties and responsibilities: Modify existing software to correct errors or to improve its performance. Analyze user needs and software requirements to determine feasibility of design within time and cost constraints Design, develop and modify software systems, using industry best practices Qualifications of this position include: Strong JavaScript skills including o JQuery o A JavaScript framework such as backbone.js, angular.js or ember.js Strong Java experience (4 years +) o MVC framework experience – Struts, Spring MVC o JSP, EL, JSTL Strong SQL and JDBC Must have web development experience (not just core Java) o HTML o CSS Ability to work independently as well as in a team Strong problem solving skills The company is located in the area of the Long Island Rail Road station in Mineola, Long Island NY, 35 minutes from Penn Station in NYC. Compensation: We offer competitive base salary, medical benefits and the opportunity to participate in the Company’s stock option program.	Software Engineer	Genero Search Group	Mineola	NY	Mineola, NY	Genero Search Group	Fri, 06 Nov 2015 09:59:28 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=c2cd4ff1cf5b5d9e&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2jnhBUojIVFWiJXtjtq-5eJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke8pjh50pecaj
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	We are searching for innovative and smart candidates who are seeking an opportunity to make a huge impact. Consider this great career opportunity with a prominent, successful, growing, stable and innovative company headquartered in New York City. Our New York-based client company is a large private company, yet they operate like a small company. People do make the difference and you can impact their success and your future. You’re not just a number here. Innovate, Deliver Technology, Be Challenged &amp; Have Fun! Work with a company that is pushing innovation, working with large scale, high performance - low latency, distributed and real-time systems. This technology is relied on by customers around the globe! Position Description: Our client’s API provides subscription based low latency market data and a wealth of historical and reference data in compact, self describing formats. These data are programmatically available to clients via C++, Java and .NET language bindings. Their API development team is looking for an experienced C++ Software Engineer. The successful candidate will have the opportunity to work on highly optimized, scalable, redundant and distributed software that facilitates normalization, and delivery of data. Qualifications: • Master's Degree in Computer Science, Engineering or Related Field (or equivalent expertise) • Minimum of 5 years of C++ development experience • Solid understanding of Data Structures, Algorithms, and Object-Oriented design • Good knowledge of Multi-threading and Network programming • Experience with High-Performance Unix Programming will be an advantage • Knowledge of JAVA and .NET is a plus • Understanding of XML/XSD and other schema driven data is a plus • Financial and/or Market Data experience is a plus	Senior C++ Software Engineer - API Development Team	Compella, LLC.	New York	NY	New York, NY	Compella, LLC.	Sat, 31 Oct 2015 07:39:33 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=25d04ef4ed5d097d&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2jnhBUojIVFWiJXtjtq-5eJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke8pjh50pecaj
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Qualifications Include: BS in Computer Science or Engineering preferred 3-5 years experience in a sales engineering or equivalent role 2 years minimum experience in two or more of the following: Java, Ruby, .NET, Python, Perl, or PHP 2-4 years experience in a SaaS environment Fluent in Webservices and Web architecture including WSDL, XML, SOAP, WSRF Fluent in at least one database (Sybase, Oracle, MS SQL) including expertise in SQL Conversant in Unix/Linux Proven ability to document and create development specs Successful track record of initiating and driving through completion development plans Detail-oriented, high-energy individual who is able to multitask Excellent communication and interpersonal skills Tenacious yet professional about finding the right person in a company ‘Sell wide’ and command mind share from partners at all levels in an organization by understanding what motivates them Must be a self-starter who enjoys a “work hard, play hard” team culture Experience with CRM applications such as salesforce.com Ability to travel Responsibilities Include: Be the expert technical presence within the Business Development team, supporting all aspects of the technical pre and post-sales process Function as a product and solutions evangelist. Ensure internal audiences and external audiences are knowledgeable on the feature set of both the application, the API web services Conduct formal needs assessment to better understand the unique business challenges facing our prospects/customers and craft solutions to meet their immediate needs as well as strategizing for long-term platform enhancements Work with 3rd party technologies, best-of-breed ISVs, and strategic partners to integrate with VR’s API and consult on development plans Develop and maintain excellent client relationships via email and phone Create and deliver non-technical and technical presentations for prospective customers and internal audiences Assist in representing VR in our developer forums and create documentation for the VR Labs Identify partner/API issues and communicate with product team for enhancements Collaborate with internal teams to maintain partner satisfaction Accurately maintain sales data in CRM tool Project manage and support internal engineering efforts Represent partner programs at trade shows and events Other duties as assigned	Software Engineer	COMPAS Corp Build	New York	NY	New York, NY	COMPAS Corp Build	Wed, 14 Oct 2015 09:28:36 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=e9304f627097cc26&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2jnhBUojIVFWiJXtjtq-5eJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke8pjh50pecaj
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	OUR CLIENT COMPANY is a dynamic, innovative technology company that revolutionized the automotive retail industry. If you are interested, and after carefully reading the job description believe you are qualified please forward your resume and salary requirements. ******************************************************************************************** * REQUIREMENTS: Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or related field, or equivalent work 3-5 years' work experience &amp; desire/ability to continue learning 2+ years' experience web development with Python/Django 2+ years' experience with OOD web technology (any language) and Linux Must provide examples of contributions to open source community/GitHub The FOLLOWING ARE PLUSES: Experience with both UI &amp; backend development including one ORM technology Understanding of Web Services or ESB Experience with Apache, Jboss, or Tomcat Experience w/source control (SVN, Git, Mercurial), IDEs, &amp; defect tracking Innovative approach to development Passion for technology Ability to collaborate within and across teams Description Of Duties Their Software Engineers are extraordinarily passionate and driven by technology. They thrive on designing simple and scalable solutions to complex problems and delivering leading edge software products for their customers. They are looking for exceptionally ambitious and communicative hands-on individuals who are comfortable working in fast-paced environments and who have passion and skills to take the company product offering to the next level. Must provide examples of contributions to open source community - please provide links to GitHub account or similar As a Software Engineer, you will work in a collaborative team environment that encourages you to perform at your best, and challenges you to engineer elegant solutions for complex business problems. You will architect, design and develop robust software systems with unit and systems testing. You will need to be able to quickly learn and use new technologies, troubleshoot difficult problems and be an expert with the software lifecycle including scoping and estimation of requirements along with writing of technical documentation. Technologies they use: Github Enterprise, Continuous Integration, Jenkins, Python, Django, Celery, Django Rest Framework, SQLAlchemy, Redis, MongoDB and vagrant. Our Client makes use of modern processes and technologies wherever possible, including Github Pull Requests for code review, continuous deployment to their test environments, strict adherence to best practices, recommended code style and layout (PEP-8) and a strong drive around unit testing all our code. This gives us the confidence and ability to make significant refactoring changes across a large codebase quickly, without fear of having broken some code somewhere else. * * Responsibilities * Coding of SaaS applications in an Agile development environment * Developing automated tests, predicting areas of risk, and coordinating with our QA staff to achieve the best blend of error prevention and error detection possible * Collaborate with other developers on best practices, code reviews, internal tools and process improvements * Guide, coach and mentor team members as required, assisting in the team’s skills development during software development projects * Work independently; designing, developing and deploying solutions, and deliver projects on time with minimal direction Collaboration includes ongoing peer review process. Required experience: web development with Python/Django, OOD web technology (any language) and Linux: 2 years Required education: Bachelor's 	SOFTWARE ENGINEER (Python)	I and I Software, Inc	New York	NY	New York, NY	Indeed	Fri, 02 Oct 2015 16:18:57 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=69137719a6c1a68c&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2jnhBUojIVFWiJXtjtq-5eJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke8pjh50pecaj
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Job Descriptions: Imagine helping to develop products that truly make a difference in the lives of millions of students. Renaissance Learning, a leading provider of technology-based school improvement and student assessment programs for K-12 schools, is seeking a Software Engineer to join its R&amp;D team in Brooklyn. In this position you will collaborate, design, and create our next generation of web applications with your teammates in an Agile Scrum environment. In your areas of expertise you will be helping to shape our technical design and development standards, participating in various Agile Scrum ceremonies. About Renaissance Learning Renaissance Learning is a world leader in cloud-based assessment, teaching, and learning solutions with over 950 employees and customers in over one-third of U.S. schools and more than 60 countries worldwide. Hellman &amp; Friedman acquired the company in 2014. And while many things have changed over the years, our mission of accelerating learning for all still burns ever so brightly. Required Experience: This position requires a minimum of 2-5 years professional experience in all stages of the software life cycle preferably with recent focus on web-based projects using ASP.NET in C# and a services oriented architecture. In addition, you should be fluent in several of the following: HTML and CSS skills, JavaScript, AngularJS, Flex, MS SQL Server with strong T-SQL skills, Mongo DB, design patterns, unit testing and integration testing. Additionally, a Bachelor of Science in Computer Science or Software Engineering is required. Candidates for this position are top-notch coders with strong written and verbal technical communications skills and a demonstrated ability to work in an Agile Scrum environment. Keyword: engineer, software, ASP.NET, C#, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, AngularJS, Flex, MS SQL, T-SQL, coder, Agile, Scrum From: Renaissance Learning, Inc.	Software Engineer	Renaissance Learning, Inc.	Brooklyn	NY	Brooklyn, NY	Renaissance Learning, Inc.	Thu, 01 Oct 2015 22:50:43 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=a38a178d4f55c6d4&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2jnhBUojIVFWiJXtjtq-5eJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke8pjh50pecaj
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Facebook was built to help people connect and share, and over the last decade our tools have played a critical part in changing how people around the world communicate with one another. With over a billion people using the service and more than fifty offices around the globe, a career at Facebook offers countless ways to make an impact in a fast growing organization. Want to create products that more than 1 billion people around the world use? Want to build new features and improve existing products like Photos, Video, Places, NewsFeed, Search, Mobile and Messaging? Want to solve unique, large scale, highly complex technical problems? Facebook is seeking an experienced Software Engineer to join the Products team. You can help build the next-generation systems behind Facebook's products, create web applications that reach millions of people, build high volume servers and be a part of a team that’s working to help people connect with each other around the globe. Join us! This position is full-time and is based in our New York office. Once you’re participating in Bootcamp, our intensive onboarding program designed to immerse new engineers into our code base, you’ll have the chance to choose which of our teams you’d like to join. The following teams are the focal points of our NY engineering office: Places - Building great location-aware products. - Define and build the product experience for the world's most popular Check-In service. - Leverage crowdsourcing to shepherd 1B users into collectively building the most comprehensive, accurate, and up-to-date location database. - Build heavily-used, user-facing products on iOS and Android into every release and on desktop web every week. - Very strong cross-team collaboration on data-heavy and machine learning projects. Identity - Empowering authentic self-representation. - Tackle high level concepts of what is accurate, structured user profile data and tackle how Facebook allows users to supply and control this information. - Very fast paced, low-overhead development with new product pushes every week, per engineer. - User-facing product development spans across all core products (Timeline, News Feed, etc) and environments (web, mobile web, iOS, and Android), per engineer. - Heavy focus on experimentation, massive analysis of data as a derivative of user behavior and machine learning across the entire graph. Pages - Facebook's profiles for businesses. - Profiles for brands, celebrities, businesses and other entities as parts of the social graph and the advertising ecosystem, communication channels for ad campaigns that can reach over 1B users. - Work on page timelines, likes and admin tools across all environments (web, mobile web, iOS, Android, Platform API). - Create composer tools and workflows for publishers with complex scheduling and targeting needs. - Develop user and advertiser experiences for Promoted Posts and Messages for Pages Media Publishers - Increase engagement for media, news, and publisher content. - Improve News Feed user experiences and develop creative ways to help media, news and publisher pages more effectively share content - Strong involvement with strategic external partners - Heavy development across core products such as the composer, attachments and notes to improve the quality of media content across all web and mobile surfaces Responsibilities Create web applications using primarily Hack Implement web interfaces using XHTML, CSS, and JavaScript Work closely with our product and design teams to define feature specifications Work closely with operations and infrastructure to build and scale back-end services Build report interfaces and data feeds Requirements Minimum B.S. Computer Science or related field and 5+ years relevant experience Knowledge of Java, PHP, Hack or Python Knowledge of relational databases and SQL, preferably MySQL Knowledge of web technologies: XHTML, JavaScript Experience with C, C++ a plus Apply As part of our dedication to the diversity of our workforce, Facebook is committed to Equal Employment Opportunity without regard for race, color, national origin, ethnicity, gender, protected veteran status, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, or religion. If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, you may contact us at accommodations-ext@fb.com or you may call us at 1+650-308-7837.	Software Engineer, Products	Facebook	New York	NY	New York, NY	Facebook	Thu, 01 Oct 2015 05:21:37 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=780c81aea0556807&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2GSO6hP4YdwjtQKMNIikL5JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke8thc549had0
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	We are seeking an experienced Lead Software Engineer to lead the development of a new and exciting solution for one of our email marketing business units. The ideal candidate will have a can-do attitude, passion for technology and proven track record with extensive PHP/MySQL development experience. In the role of Lead Software Engineer, you will lead our business unit tech group, providing planning and development of our email marketing platform and projects of various scale, form, and duration, utilizing your expert knowledge of PHP and MySQL. You will use your eye for detail and obsession for clean, well composed code to build out a range of projects from data segmentation, campaign management, dynamic websites, digital devices to mobile web applications, playing a critical role in bringing the unit’s vision to life. Working collaboratively with each of your peers, you will work to assess project plans for feasibility, while providing your own input from a technology perspective. Requirements 5+ years experience with PHP, MySQL, Linux, Apache Server, server administration, and hardware experience Previous experience leading other developers Familiarity with APIs, web services, and 3rd party platforms and libraries, such as Blog Platforms, and Social Networks (i.e. Facebook, Twitter, etc.) enabling social media integration and scalability Experience working within an Agile team setting History of successful schedule and budget management Solid trouble shooting, bug tracking, and quality assurance methodologies Understanding of / experience with unit testing and source code control Able to stay ahead of the curve with new and emerging technologies Proven track record of accomplishments Excellent written and oral communication skills - can conduct meetings and/or help prepare for meetings with clients Knowledge of Ad/Marketing Technology industry preferred, able to make recommendations to customize solutions for the company and its customers BS in Computer Science degree or equivalent work experience preferred Bonus Skills Web Services - Experience building modern web services using XML. Hardware architecture and infrastructure Zeta Interactive is a company with a heritage of innovation and a future of leadership. Founded in 2007 by David A. Steinberg and John Sculley, former CEO of Apple Inc and Pepsi-Cola, the Company has built an unparalleled Big Data marketing platform – with 350 million + consumer records at the core – through a series of strategic acquisitions and organic business moves. The company’s set of proprietary assets and capabilities powers ‘end to end’ marketing programs for some of the world’s leading brands. With expertise encompassing all digital marketing channels – Email, Display, Social, Search and Mobile – Zeta orchestrates acquisition and engagement programs that deliver results that are scalable, repeatable and sustainable. Headquartered in New York City, Zeta employs more than 500 professionals across the Globe. The Company operates 'Centers of Excellence' in NYC, Silicon Valley, London, Bristol, Middlesbrough UK and Hyderabad, India and has satellite offices in Boulder, Tampa, Washington DC, Madrid, Amsterdam. Grisaille AdTech Solutions Private Limited is also a wholly owned Operating Subsidiary in Chennai, India.	Lead Software Engineer	Zeta Interactive	New York	NY	New York, NY	Zeta Interactive	Fri, 02 Oct 2015 23:45:45 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=afe9af4e5d7b1b4a&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2GSO6hP4YdwjtQKMNIikL5JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke8thc549had0
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Qualifications 2+ years experience working as a full-stack software engineer in industry Outstanding engineering talent proven by past work (projects, open source contributions, superior academic results, etc) 4+ years of experience writing software with a strong command of object oriented principles Full-stack development experience (e.g. linux, rails, postgres) Degree in computer science (or equivalent) For iOS applicants: 2+ years experience building native iOS apps using Objective-C/C++ and Cocoa Touch For Android applicants: 2+ years experience with Java and Android SDK To apply please send the following in the body of an email to jobs@aplus.com Name, email address, phone number, year of graduation, school, degree and subject for each degree Personal url, linkedin url, github url, facebook id, twitter id; employer and title (if any) at last job before this Please tell us in one or two sentences about the most impressive thing that you have built or achieved Links to any web or mobile apps you've created When you would be available to start work Optionally, attach a resume and/or code samples 	Senior Software Engineer	A Plus	New York	NY	New York, NY	A Plus	Fri, 30 Oct 2015 10:25:52 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=12e2310a7a564a9d&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2GSO6hP4YdwjtQKMNIikL5JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke8thc549had0
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Our client located in Lower Manhattan, is seeking Software Engineers, at the top of their game. The ideal candidate's will have a love for problem solving and a desire to innovate at every layer of stack. As one of our Software Engineers, you will be exposed to new and cutting edge technology. Further, so that you have the ability to be the best at what you do, software engineers will have a fantastic on-boarding experience, training and resources to make sure you are the best and successful. Day to day responsibilities of the Software Engineer includes developing internal applications, RESTful API for the web and or possibly an iOS platform. You will also work with a collaborative team, designing, brainstorming, implementing new solutions and mentoring other team members. A part of your responsibility is to help grow a best of the best engineering team. If you have 3+ years as a developer, excellent hands on coding skills, a problem solver using Java, Scala or Clojure to name a few, then give us a call now! If you have knowledge of algorithms and data structures, XP engineering practices, as well as Strong OOP and modeling skills, then we need to speak to you today! Please call one of our technology recruiters at 212-687-7072 right now. These role's will convert to a full time opportunity. Java, Scala, Clojure, Storm, ElasticSearch, Git	Software Engineer	Robert Half Technology	New York	NY	New York, NY	Robert Half Technology	Fri, 16 Oct 2015 22:01:05 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=75e8556bd5d750e2&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2GSO6hP4YdwjtQKMNIikL5JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke8thc549had0
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Our client is seeking a senior embedded software engineer to join their team in Midtown Manhattan. This is a fulltime role with a leading organization focusing on cutting edge communications for government, military, and commercial use. Excellent opportunity to work with an exciting firm and grow internally. Job Description Cutting Edge wireless commincations company is looking for an Embedded Software Engineer with extensive experience in a Linux environment. The position involves the development and implementation of a wide range of networking software. The ideal candidate has recent, demonstrated, hands-on development expertise with Linux. The position involves a significant level of autonomy in which a self-motivated applicant will work independently to develop solutions. POSITION RESPONSIBILITIES Developing and implementing a wide range of low-level embedded software (including device driver, Linux kernel modules, network stack development, porting existing software to new embedded platforms, and other low level programming activities), hardware development, as well as the development of application software running on the Wave Relay® network Supporting in-house and in-the-field engineering activities including travel to customer sites Traveling to test locations, military facilities, and customer sites to directly supporting the testing, evaluation, and deployment Integrating other systems, sensors, and components w Writing technical proposals Job Qualifications &amp; Experience : MINMUM QUALIFICATIONS 5+ years of programming experience using C or C++ Experience developing software for Linux systems Experience with Linux driver development (e.g. wireless, network stack) Current responsibilities are primarily coding Applicant must have a security clearance or ability to obtain a security clearance PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS Master's or PhD in EE/CS Linux kernel and kernel module development Linux driver development (e.g. wireless, network stack) Embedded/custom Linux distribution development/management (e.g. MontaVista, OpenWRT, SnapGear, Android) Cross-compiling &amp; porting (e.g. make, autoconf) UNIX shell scripting Network application development (e.g. VoIP, streaming H.264) Distributed systems and network protocol development MANET / mesh / wireless ad hoc and wired networking Android application development Web Management CGI development (HTML, Javascript, AJAX) Advanced Cisco router/switch configuration/management Job Type: Full-time Salary: $165,000.00 /year Required experience: embedded software engineering, linux, C++, kernel: 5 years 	Senior Embedded Software Engineer	Infinity Consulting Solutions	New York	NY	New York, NY	Indeed	Tue, 20 Oct 2015 13:23:03 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=267a7bbf26be0e60&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2GSO6hP4YdwjtQKMNIikL5JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke8thc549had0
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	At Velocity, we're looking for product-minded team players who have worked across the stack on significant web and mobile products. We spend most of our time at the product layer, adding features on the back-end and building internal tools to improve our service and operations. A strong understanding of architecture and the inner workings of distributed systems is vital to clean, scalable code. We automate as much as we can and keep technical debt down so that we can move quickly without sacrificing quality. We optimize for fast learners and hard workers. It's important that you can pick things up quickly; experience with web frameworks, front-end development, databases, analytics services, and mobile app development (iOS and Android) is a plus. Right now our applications are mostly Ruby but we don't expect that to be the case forever. You'll also learn the details of the business side of Velocity in order to build better products for customers and our internal operations team. Above all, we expect you to know how to “get things done” and make trade-offs in a fast-paced environment. Ideal Candidate --------------- 5+ years of experience Able to operate independently and move quickly Appreciate honest, constructive feedback Values a transparent and collaborative development process Believes the “right” design has to resonate with your audience Unafraid to learn new things to solve a problem Communicates effectively regardless of audience and even under pressure Comfortable coding in HTML/CSS, Javascript, and Ruby Amazon Web Services or Heroku experience a plus App development experience a plus Experience working with startups, financial, payment, or dining companies a plus. Curious about our development process? Take a peak: https://medium.com/cover-culture/transparency-first-df0a772830d4#.yca5b4sag Join us to learn, to lead, and to build something big. You'll have an immediate impact on who we are as a company and where we're going. We won't stop until you can pay with Velocity every time you dine.	Senior Software Engineer	Velocity	New York	NY	New York, NY	Velocity	Sun, 04 Oct 2015 22:51:59 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=52ca79b57bb61379&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2GSO6hP4YdwjtQKMNIikL5JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke8thc549had0
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	GrubHub Holdings Inc. is the nation's leading online and mobile food-ordering company dedicated to connecting hungry diners with local takeout restaurants. The GrubHub Holdings Inc. portfolio of brands includes GrubHub, Seamless, MenuPages and Allmenus. The company's online and mobile ordering platforms allow diners to order directly from thousands of takeout restaurants across the country and London, and every order is supported by the company's 24/7 customer service. GrubHub Holdings Inc. has offices in Chicago, New York City and London. With a career at GrubHub Holdings Inc., you can order your cake and eat it, too! Our Quality Assurance Engineers are an integral part of the GrubHub Holdings Inc. technology team. As a QA Engineer you will ensure that the functionality that makes its way from developers' computers and into the wild meets the high expectations of both our stakeholders and our customers. Quality is something that impacts every aspect of the technology team's daily duties and so you will be helping keep that to a high standard no matter what the task. Testing is of course one aspect of that, but it's also so much more. RESPONSIBILITIES: In this role, you'll be embedded in an autonomous team comprised of developers, product managers, devops, and design. You'll create our automated QA strategy (and help us implement it), code review integration tests from the development team, and continually look to improve our testing and deployment strategies across APIs and UIs. We expect our toolset to change, so while it’s great if you’ve got experience with Gatling, Protractor, and AWS we’re really looking for aptitude and solid fundamentals. That means knowing what typical service architectures look like, and the basics of HTTP. REQUIREMENTS: If finding a bug doesn't make you all giddy inside, then please don't bother applying. We want someone who relishes the hunt and feels truly rewarded once they've uncovered something - doubly so if it's reaaallly nasty Basic linux experience Strong Java (or a similar OO language) coding experience, ideally 2+ yrs Knowledge of web services (extra points for being up to speed on modern micro-services) You should have a strong desire to automate as much as humanly possible Strong problem solving ability Experience writing integration tests (we use Gatling at the moment, but specific Gatling experience isn’t required) Experience creating QA strategies (How can we pull off testing in production?) Experience creating test cases that include both happy path and all manner of edge cases Excellent communication skills GrubHub Seamless is an EQUAL EMPLOYMENT OPPORTUNITY/AFFIRMATIVE ACTION employer. #LI-JP1	Software Engineer, QA Automation	GrubHub	New York	NY	New York, NY	GrubHub	Sat, 17 Oct 2015 14:28:00 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=e20b37e88fd38b94&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2GSO6hP4YdwjtQKMNIikL5JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke8thc549had0
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Shutterstock is looking for top technologists to join our team and help drive the future of our platform. You will be working with highly motivated and extremely talented engineers on backend services with quality, performance and scale in mind at every step of the way. Our core belief is that the customers are our number one priority so we work hard to deliver value back to them with everything we do. We believe strongly in team ownership of systems, which includes defining the vision of the services to prioritization of projects. Responsibilities: Contributing to all aspects of the services under the team’s ownership, which includes design, implementation, refactoring, automated testing, deployment, and uptime of the services. Helping other team members grow as engineers through code review, pairing, and mentoring. Improving internal team processes by keeping what's working, throwing away what's not. Setting the vision of the services under the team's ownership. Aligning roadmap based on customer and company desires. Building the technology the right way: for us, this means simple, well-tested systems that gradually grow over time, and that provide plenty of insight into production performance. Requirements: Full-Stack software development experience using html, JavaScript and CSS Very strong knowledge of how the Web works and how to make it efficient (HTTP, caching, page rendering, etc) Experience building and designing highly scalable services, and RESTful API’s that power multiple consumers. Experience with SOA architecture working on distributed/high trafficked systems. Understanding of datastores including relational and NoSQL based. Ability to craft simple and elegant solutions to complex problems. Solid software development fundamentals (Data Structures, algorithms, problem solving, OO Design, and system architecture). Passionate about what you do and care deeply about the things you build. Able to clearly communicate to technical and non-technical audiences. Experience programming in at least one OO language Has a good understanding of continuous delivery, writing unit tests and automated testing. 5+ years of relevant experience BS or MS degree in Computer Science or related experience Bonus Skills: Node.js web development experience Experience with automated configuration tools like Puppet, Chef or Ansible Experience building event-driven or message-driven architecture using tools like RabbitMQ and Kafka. Experience working in an agile environment To see some of our featured Open Source projects go to: http://tec h.shutters tock.com	Senior Software Engineer	Shutterstock	New York	NY	New York, NY	Shutterstock	Thu, 08 Oct 2015 17:20:52 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=1d4dea95f4476ee5&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2GSO6hP4YdwjtQKMNIikL5JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke8thc549had0
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Business Analyst Software Engineer Overview of Position: A Software Developer is a senior J2EE developer who designs, implements and supports the integrated development for all Web-based application projects. Their primary areas of focus are server-side development as well as the integration between various applications within a given suite. Key Accountabilities: The Software Developer’s responsibilities include: Designs, implements, and unit tests server-side J2EE/Java code. Participates in the full SDLC (RUP/Agile), including meetings, iterative development, estimations and design sessions. Works with Operations and IT teams to help support production environments. Works with business analysts to resolve complex end user ticket issues. Delivers project assignments on time, within budget and with high quality. Develops and extends build scripts. Integrates Junit tests into the integration testing framework. Works with the Technical Lead to write and review technical specifications as required, meeting the objectives of functional specifications. Specifically, identifying specific interfaces, methods, parameters, procedures or functions as required. Collaborates with Architects and other Software Engineering resources in designing and implementing integrated, enterprise solutions. Skills Summary: Bachelors degree in Computer Science/Engineering or equivalent work experience. Minimum of 4 years full life cycle development J2EE project and development experience. Experience in a consulting environment is preferred. 2 years of systems integration experience within a Java environment is highly preferred. Exposure to SOA, SOAP, XML, messaging, and file sharing and storing software and techniques is highly preferred. Experience in test driven development (e.g. Junit) Experience in building Ant scripts Experience supporting continuous integration environments (e.g. Anthill, Cruise Control) Experience with Subversion a plus Experience with UML diagramming. Ability to clearly write technical specifications. Able to effectively communicate across teams and roles. Demonstrable ability to deliver projects on time, with high quality, and within budget. Ability to participate in full life cycle engagements in parallel. Ability to deliver full life cycle engagements. Ability and desire to thrive in a proactive, high-pressure, client-services, environment.	Software Build Engineer	COMPAS Corp Build	New York	NY	New York, NY	COMPAS Corp Build	Wed, 14 Oct 2015 09:28:36 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=e4d188f869bd8ebd&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2GSO6hP4YdwjtQKMNIikL5JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke8thc549had0
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Join Us! Fiserv has been named to FORTUNE® magazine’s 2015 list of World’s Most Admired Companies. This is the second consecutive year the company has been named to the list, which is a definitive benchmark of corporate reputation. "Our people are the foundation upon which this recognition is based and I'm very proud of their commitment to client excellence. Their dedication to serving our clients each day is what makes Fiserv one of the most admired companies in the world." - Jeffery Yabuki, President and Chief Executive Officer About our Business: The Card Services business at Fiserv provides complete debit, credit, prepaid and ATM payment services to financial institutions as well as Accel®, a premier payments network. Our products, services and strategies allow our clients to maximize revenue, increase customer acquisition, improve retention, reduce expense, minimize risk and increase share of wallet. Position Purpose : Perform moderately complex to complex testing projects. Create and execute test plans/cases based on project requirements and design specifications. Verify expected results. Analyze application software to ensure quality standards are met and provide feedback to product development. Additional Requirements:  Good analytical/technical background and experience with software development methodologies  Demonstrated ability to work independently with general direction or as part of a team  Demonstrated ability to work on work on moderately complex projects within tight timelines  Good verbal &amp; written communication and presentation skills  Knowledgeable in technologies as required by Business Unit Essential Job Responsibilities : Major Activities: Work closely with Developers, Business Analysts and participate in the product design process including specification and other document reviews Support the entire test and certification process, getting involved early in the product development cycle and continuing through product deployment Analyze requirements and design documents in order to develop comprehensive and efficient tests Develop detailed test plans from use cases, detailed specifications etc. Execute manual and/or automated tests, document results and update defect tracking systems Create test data as needed Participate in development and reporting of project metrics Research and recommend new test tools and techniques Performs other duties as required Required Qualifications: Education : BS Computer Science, Engineering, MIS or equivalent work experience Job Related Experience : 0-4 years of experience in software testing Additional Skills/Knowledge : Good analytical/technical background and experience with software development methodologies Demonstrated ability to work independently with general direction or as part of a team Demonstrated ability to work on work on moderately complex projects within tight timelines Good verbal &amp; written communication and presentation skills Knowledgeable in technologies as required by Business Unit 	Software Test Engineer, Associate	Fiserv, Inc.	Parsippany	NJ	Parsippany, NJ	Fiserv	Tue, 03 Nov 2015 08:19:08 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=3e38fb4f6ef4729e&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2GSO6hP4YdwjtQKMNIikL5JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke8thc549had0
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Type: Full Time Min. Experience: Experienced Who we are: We are Dataminr, the leading real-time information discovery company. Our ability to find and deliver information faster than any other source has completely revolutionized the information discovery space! Our ascent to being the most exciting company in New York City and the “super tool of journalists and hedge funds” has led to numerous accolades and achievements. We’ve been named #13 on CNBC’s Disruptor 50 list, added to the AlwaysOn Global 250 Top Private Companies list and received an invitation to speak at the World Economic Forum. Headquartered in New York City and nearing 200 employees, Dataminr provides a challenging and dynamic environment where everyone feels that they have the freedom to be innovative, impactful and influential. We’ve crafted a culture that promotes team interaction, work-life balance and the sharing of information and ideas because it empowers us to do our best work and have fun. If you want to be a part of the most interesting and exciting high-growth tech company in New York, please keep reading! Who you are: You are a skilled developer with a passion for testing and the coding skills to understand our complex backend systems. As a Software Engineer in Test, you will ensure high-quality delivery of our software with a rapidly growing team of software engineers and data scientists. In this role, you will help build software test automation that tests the back-end services and APIs. Your efforts as a Software Engineer in Test will help us make certain that our system performs correctly and can scale at the rate of Twitter. A successful candidate will have experience in test automation and developing quality software, a high standard for quality and an obsession for detail. In this role, the Software Engineer in Test will: Evaluate software releases to ensure that software is performing according to guidelines and expectation Participate in the design of new features and the refactoring of existing services to ensure testability Develop and maintain test frameworks that provide automated testing of backend services and APIs Build and maintain tests; track outcome of application testing and monitoring for inconsistent results Desired Skills &amp; Experience: BS/MS in Computer Science or equivalent Extensive knowledge of Linux/Unix Strong coding skills experience in Java, Python, C/C++ 3+ years of test development/automation experience Strong experience with API/backend testing Natural curiosity, critical thinker, strong attention to detail, highly organized Excellent verbal and written communication skills; ability to meet deadlines Self-motivation and an ability to handle multiple competing priorities in a fast-paced environment Our offering of competitive benefits and perks include: Company paid benefits for employees and their dependents, such as medical, dental, vision, disability and life Flexible spending account to be used for out-of-pocket medical, transit, parking and dependent care expenses 401(k) savings plan Generous leave Daily catered meals A kitchen fully stocked with snacks and beverages …and this is just to name a few! Dataminr is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. Individuals seeking employment at Dataminr are considered without regards to race, sex, color, creed, religion, national origin, age, disability, genetics, marital status, pregnancy, unemployment status, sexual orientation, citizenship status or veteran status.	Software Engineer in Test	Dataminr	New York	NY	New York, NY	Dataminr	Sat, 10 Oct 2015 05:50:05 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=c3c2083b2644c342&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2GSO6hP4YdwjtQKMNIikL5JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke8thc549had0
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Job Title: Applications Software Engineer Location: Upstate New York Type: Permanent Description: Seeking Software Applications Engineer to develop the integration of 3D engine in to existing client mapping applications. Duties include all software design and implementation to integrate company Software Development Kit (SDK) Excellent opportunity with rapidly expanding company. Competitive compensation package and excellent benefits. Requirements: - C++ required, C++ 11 preferred - 3D design and programming experience - 3D mapping - MFC - OpenGL - STL, Boost - GPU programming - Multi-threaded programming - Familiarity with Visual Studio - Excellent communication skills - Knowledge of special reference systems - knowledge of hardware 3D rendering pipeline - Experience with spatial data structures - Object oriented Design - Must be US Citizen or Permanent Resident (Green card) - BS or MS in Computer Science or related degree Additional desired skills and experience: - Geospatial Data Abstraction Library (GDAL) - GIS concepts, tools and data (vector, raster, 3D models, LIDAR, etc.) - 3D mapping - Knowledge of Coordinate geometry and spatial reference systems - Government software development processes and CDRL’s Rana Vikrant Singh Recruitment Executive Ph: 312-473-9857 www.inasolution.com Job Type: Full-time Required experience: C++ ,- 3D design,3D mapping,MFC,OpenGL,STL, Boost: 1 year Required education: Bachelor's 	Applications Software Engineer	INA Solution	New York	NY	New York, NY	Indeed	Mon, 28 Sep 2015 21:51:37 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=808900ea58567f40&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2GSO6hP4YdwjtQKMNIikL5JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke8thc549had0
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Job Responsibilities Owns all technical aspects of software development for assigned applications Performs hands-on architecture, design, and development of systems Functions as Senior member of an agile team and helps drive consistent development practices – tools, common components, and documentation Mentors engineers, and may have management responsibilities over 2-3 engineers Typically spends 50 of time writing code and testing, and remainder of time collaborating with stakeholders through ongoing productplatform releases Develops deep understanding of tie-ins with other systems and platforms within the supported domains Writes code and unit tests, works on API specs, automation, and conducts code reviews and testing Performs ongoing refactoring of code, utilizes visualization and other techniques to fast-track concepts, and deliver continuous improvement Identifies opportunities to adopt innovative technologies Provides continuous support for ongoing application availability Works closely with product owners on blueprints and annual planning of feature sets that impact multiple platforms and products Works with product owners to prioritize features for ongoing sprints and managing a list of technical requirements based on industry trends, new technologies, known defects, and issues. Qualifications 7+ years of software development experience. Must have strong technical development experience with Front end and Back-end development with JAVA. Experience with HTMLXHTML, CSS, JavaScript, AJAX, DOM, and Software Version Control Systems (such as svn, git) required. Experience with JavaScript Libraries (such as jQuery, GWT, Dojo, AngularJS), Social Media (Twitter, Facebook, Google+) API’s, Search Engine Optimization, Web Page Optimization strategies desired Demonstrated experience with J2EE, MVC Framework, Spring, Data Structures and SQL, Web Services, SOAP, Multithreading, JSON and unit testingmock frameworks. Demonstrated experience leading teams of engineers Familiar with Agile or other rapid application development methods Experience with design and coding across one or more platforms and languages as appropriate Hands-on expertise with application design, software development and automated testing Ability to effectively interpret technical and business objectives and challenges, and articulate solutions Ability to think abstractly and deal with ambiguousunder-defined problems Ability to enable business capabilities through innovation Looks proactively beyond the obvious for continuous improvement opportunities High energy, demonstrated willingness to learn new technologies, and takes pride in how fast they develop working software Experience with distributed (multi-tiered) systems, algorithms, and relational databases Demonstrated experience with object-oriented design and coding with variety of languages HTML, XHTML, CSS, JavaScript, AJAX, DOM, SVN, GIT,	Java Front End -Software Engineer	Strategic Systems Inc	New York	NY	New York, NY	Dice	Thu, 05 Nov 2015 23:46:42 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=3c81caf3da85fde3&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2GSO6hP4YdwjtQKMNIikL5JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke8thc549had0
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	New York, NY, United States Position Summary We areseeking software engineers to join our growing web development team. We are driven technologists who possess a blend of business savvy, product intuition, and superb coding skills. This position will focus on LAMP technologies. Responsibilities Build new features and fix bugs on allof ourweb properties Deploy software to production Design and upgrade our software architecture Mentor developers and run code reviews Collaborate with Product team on features and improvements Qualifications 4+ years or as a software engineer in a consumer facing e-commerce website Bachelor or higher preferably with a major in computing science or similar Familiar with PHP, Apache, MySQL, VCS, caching, Javascript, HTML, CSS Intimate knowledge of software development methodologies and processes Skills / Abilities We understand that you may be more back-end or front-end Linux/Unix CVS including individual and feature branching (SVN/Git a plus) Ability to read code in any language Ability to collaborate with Product team on project scope and functionality	Software Engineer	Elevate Recruiting Group	New York	NY	New York, NY	Elevate Recruiting Group	Wed, 21 Oct 2015 18:41:27 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=f2afee8ca8009b4b&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2GSO6hP4YdwjtQKMNIikL5JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke8thc549had0
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	This firm occupies the top space in their vertical and knows they must continue to advance to keep it. They treat software development as the prime driver of the organization. The firm is run by software developers, not suits. Benefits include world class Manhattan salaries, 4 weeks vacation to start, 100% covered ins. for you and your family, paid life and disability on you, outstanding 401K contributions, and a highly lucrative bonus system. Qualifications: - 3+ years of experience with proven expertise in server-side/advanced Javascript programming - Experience developing in C or C++ on a Unix/Linux or Windows platform - Must have strong data structures, network programming, and problem solving skills - Familiarity with scripting - A git profile and experience dabbling in new offerings, platforms, and languages Useful skills: - Exposure to a Voice Over IP or Video conferencing / Unified communication platform offerings SDK - Familiarity with Asterisk - Experience with Realtime Transport Protocol, SIP / XMPP - A hacker mindset of continual learning, and using open source software Job Type: Full-time Required experience: C or C++ on a Unix/Linux or Windows platform; Java: 3 years Required education: Bachelor's 	Communications Product Development Software Engineer	Core Search Group	New York	NY	New York, NY	Indeed	Tue, 27 Oct 2015 09:22:36 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=a940637842ddf071&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2GSO6hP4YdwjtQKMNIikL5JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke8thc549had0
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	This firm occupies the top space in their vertical and knows they must continue to advance to keep it. They treat software development as the prime driver of the organization. The firm is run by software developers, not suits. Benefits include world class Manhattan salaries, 4 weeks vacation to start, 100% covered ins. for you and your family, paid life and disability on you, outstanding 401K contributions, and a highly lucrative bonus system. Qualifications: - 3+ years of experience with proven expertise in server-side/advanced Javascript programming - Experience developing in C or C++ on a Unix/Linux or Windows platform - Must have strong data structures, network programming, and problem solving skills - Familiarity with scripting - A git profile and experience dabbling in new offerings, platforms, and languages Useful skills: - Exposure to a Voice Over IP or Video conferencing / Unified communication platform offerings SDK - Familiarity with Asterisk - Experience with Realtime Transport Protocol, SIP / XMPP - A hacker mindset of continual learning, and using open source software Job Type: Full-time Required experience: Javascript and C/C++: 3 years Required license or certification: US Citizen/authorized to work in the US Required education: Bachelor's 	Software Engineer - Communications Product Development	Core Search Group	New York	NY	New York, NY	Indeed	Tue, 27 Oct 2015 09:18:11 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=8d78155ac3e18988&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2GSO6hP4YdwjtQKMNIikL5JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke8thc549had0
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	C#/SQL Software Engineer Greenwich Connecticut Global Leading Hedge Fund $115,000-$125,000 +Bonus One of the top hedge funds in the world is looking to bring on a talented C# developer with SQL development skills to their team. You will be developing and designing systems to support employer’s trading, middle office &amp; back office activities, with a focus on Front, Middle, Back Office projects. Key Skills Required: Degree in Computer Science or Engineering 4+ years of programming experience in MS-SQL Server (T-SQL) 2 years in Microsoft .NET environments At least 2 years of prior work experience in a non-academic environment as a developer. Object oriented development experience. Able to design multi-threaded MS Windows &amp; web interfaces. If you would be interested in finding out more about this opportunity please respond with a copy of your most up to date resume or give us a call at the office on 646-759-5602.	C#/SQL Software Engineer- Hedge Fund	Selby Jennings	Greenwich	CT	Greenwich, CT	Selby Jennings	Fri, 06 Nov 2015 22:53:51 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=d19d619576c03225&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2GSO6hP4YdwjtQKMNIikL5JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke8thc549had0
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Technology at Hillary for America offers a unique opportunity for your work to have a lasting legacy - a better future for generations of Americans. Our technology team works in an ultra-fast-paced, highly scrutinized environment. The many products we build will form the technology backbone for the digital, finance, analytics, communications, and organizing teams to fuel our national grassroots movement. This is an environment where small technology innovations can have a multiplying impact on the race to the White House. We ship early and often. Done is always better than perfect. Welcome to the only 18-month, nationally televised hackathon ( http://www.nytimes.com/2015/06/07/upshot/why-a-presidential-campaign-is-the-ultimate-start-up.html?_r=0 ). Our senior frontend software engineers architect, design, and implement the user interfaces of our web applications used by millions of people. They are highly productive, constantly shipping code with minimal direction from engineering managers. Responsibilities Constantly ship code to production Own project estimates and project timelines Participate in code reviews with peers Mentor mid-level and junior software engineers Requirements At least 4 years full-time experience in software engineering Expert in Javascript, HTML and CSS; able to create elegant and maintainable code Experience with modern Javascript libraries and tooling Penchant for cross-browser compatibility issues and client-side web performance About our stack We write all of our JavaScript in ES6; We use React + Nuclear JS ( https://optimizely.github.io/nuclear-js/ ) We make heavy use of the Node community’s “many small modules” approach to software development; we host these as private modules on NPM Enterprise We have dedicated resources to maintain a custom, Sass based, interface Bootstrap and component library We have dedicated resources for frontend ops (builds, deployments, code style enforcement, etc.) We use Karma for unit and integration tests and Selenium + BrowserStack for parallelized end-to-end tests The Campaign is an equal opportunity employer. The Campaign believes every employee has the right to work in an environment free from unlawful discrimination as is consistent with our commitment to diversity, respect, and inclusion. Consistent with applicable federal, state and local laws, the Campaign provides all employees and applicants with equal opportunity in all aspects of the employment relationship. This includes employment decisions related to hiring, promotions, transfers, disciplinary action, termination, and training..	Senior Software Engineer - Frontend	Hillary for America Technology Team	New York	NY	New York, NY	Hillary for America Technology Team	Mon, 05 Oct 2015 19:50:36 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=311bb48e3770a8d9&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2GSO6hP4YdwjtQKMNIikL5JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke8thc549had0
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Job Description The lead role requires hands-on software development skills, deep technical expertise across the entire software delivery process, from content generation to delivery. The engineer will work closely within the tech lead to bring enhancements to a reality while managing all aspects of the software development lifecycle. Required Technical &amp; Leadership Skill Sets BS degree or higher in Computer Science with a minimum of 7+ years of relevant, broad engineering experience is required Possess expert knowledge in Performance, Scalability, Security, Enterprise System Architecture, and Engineering best practices. Possess knowledge of a broad range of data structures and algorithms and know how, when and when-not to use them. Expertise in all facets of web development including front- and backend technologies. Experience working on large scale, high traffic web sites. Experience working with XML, JSON and other data formats. Experience working with XSL, Smarty, Velocity and other template engines. Extensive experience styling web applications using CSS 2/3. Experience in SASS, LESS is a plus. Experience building asynchronous one page web applications using Ajax, CORS. Experience with responsive design, developing for mobile web and tablets Experience with full LAMP stack development including server side development and client side technologies including HTML5, CSS3 and advanced Javascript Languages and Software Packages: Languages: PHP (5.x +) Web Technologies: XML, JSON, SOAP and RESTful web services, Smarty Front End: jQuery, OO Javascript, HTML5, CSS3 Framework : MVC Framework like Zend or Struts/Spring Database: RDBMS like MySQL, Oracle Tools: SVN, Eclipse Others: Unix shell scripting Personal Skills: Strong experience working with multi-site development teams. Strong Communication skills (verbal and written) with an ability to work in a highly collaborative, multi-country/time zone environment. Good organizational skills with the ability to track and prioritize numerous tasks. Proactive personality with a proven track record of following through and delivering on responsibilities. Highly adaptive and capable of being an individual contributor and working as part of an extended team. Job Type: Full-time Local candidates only: Englewood Cliffs, NJ Required experience: Software Engineer: 6 years Required education: Bachelor's 	Sr Software Engineer	Techlink Systems	Englewood Cliffs	NJ	Englewood Cliffs, NJ	Indeed	Wed, 14 Oct 2015 21:02:14 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=ac6b9921d4058fd1&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2GSO6hP4YdwjtQKMNIikL5JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke8thc549had0
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	The team develops cutting edge distributed, highly parallelized, big data processing, storage and analytic cloud services for the financial industry. This firm has grown every year for decades including through the downturn. They have a relentless focus on software quality and delivering the best product in their space. If you are energized by the pursuit of excellence we should be talking. Compared to trading organizations this firm offers much more stability and professional opportunity as well as clear direction and historical performance. Benefits include world class Manhattan salaries, 4 weeks vacation to start, 100% covered ins. for you and your family, paid life and disability on you, outstanding 401K contributions, and a highly lucrative bonus system. Qualifications: - (BS+) in Computer Science/Computer Engineering or comparable experience - 5+ years of experience in development/design the software with C++ or JVM based languages - Experience working with data distributed across large data storage clusters is desired - Experience in the storage infrastructures such as NFS, HDFS and Cassandra - Experience with building large-scale distributed enterprise or hosted storage systems - Excellent problem solving and multi-tasking skills, with a creative and flexible attitude - Desire and ability to share ideas, solid verbal and written communication skills - Experience with Amazon AWS services (specifically S3, EMR, RDS and EC2) is a plus Job Type: Full-time Required experience: C++ or JVM based languages: 5 years Required license or certification: authorized to work in the US Required education: Bachelor's 	Software Development Engineer - Senior Role	Core Search Group	New York	NY	New York, NY	Indeed	Mon, 26 Oct 2015 07:44:11 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=31f29b10775983b2&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2GSO6hP4YdwjtQKMNIikL5JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke8thc549had0
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Are you passionate about solving complex and interesting problems in the video technology space? Are you obsessed with scale, performance, and building beautiful products? If so, we are looking for you! VHX is a fast growing business in a fast moving industry. Some of our challenges and opportunities include: building tools and APIs to power next generation video networks, building a better-than-Netflix consumer video experience, improving our payments platform, scaling out our service-oriented architecture. What you'll do: Plan and execute features and infrastructure changes Lead developing on all aspects of our applications Write well-tested, performant, and maintainable code Scale existing features and services Champion API developer friendliness internally and externally Tackle our most challenging problems around video ingestion, transcoding, and delivery Evolve our analytics system Help monitor and optimize engineering costs Help mentor and grow existing engineers What will land you an interview: You can architect scalable and performant web applications and APIs Experience with Ruby, JavaScript, HTML5, SASS Engineering leadership experience You have developed libraries or applications and want to show them to us You work on side projects in your spare time What we're expecting: Proven track record of building production-ready web applications Appreciation for the peace of mind that comes with well-tested, peer-reviewed, and documented code Takes ownership and monitors the things you architect Comfort with both SQL and an ORM, and have exposure to a variety of database technologies Great written and verbal communication You are self-directed and able to manage your time effectively to meet deadlines You are cool as a cucumber under pressure Bonus: Experience with video delivery or transcoding Bonus: Experience with payment platforms Bonus: Experience with managing infrastructure on AWS VHX is an open video distribution platform for anyone. We've helped creators sell films, TV shows, comedy specials, live concert footage, lectures, web series, fitness, education, and more. We're a small team of 20 and growing. Our HQ is in DUMBO, Brooklyn. We love coffee, jokes, video games, movie nights, bright colors, and Prime Meats. https://www.vhx.tv/about We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. Apply for this job	Lead Software Engineer	VHX.TV	Brooklyn	NY	Brooklyn, NY	VHX.TV	Mon, 05 Oct 2015 17:42:08 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=808af1ec2b66fbf3&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2GSO6hP4YdwjtQKMNIikL5JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke8thc549had0
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Our direct client, a global company, has a permanent opening for a Senior Software Engineer to lead development efforts for highly visible, cutting edge consumer facing websites built on the Adobe Experience Manager (AEM) CMS Platform for highly recognized and distinguished consumer brands. Skills for the position: - Technically proficient Java engineer - Deep experience developing and leading projects on the AEM platform including, but not limited to designing and developing: - site architecture - custom components - custom workflows - Digital Asset Management (DAM) customization - object model designs (Java APIs) - implementation strategy - unit testing and deployment. - Translates business requirements into technical details relevant to AEM - Resolves functional and technical issues relating to AEM - Provides technical leadership on complex projects that require eCommerce, campaign, targeting, and social with the AEM platform - Creates technical documentation as part of client deliverables - Provides technical leadership and mentoring of team members. Qualifications: -3+ years of development/implementation experience using AEM including hands on experience developing templates, components, OSGi services, and integrations. - Working knowledge of AEMs multi-site manager, campaign integration and content translation strategies. - 7+ years of Java web programming experience - 2+ years of experience with modern JavaScript libraries and frameworks such as jQuery, Backbone.js, AngularJS, and/or other MVC frameworks. - Strong communication skills with the ability to effectively interface with business as well as technical teams. - Good business analysis/design skills with architecture and implementation experience. - Bachelors degree in Computer Science or Engineering Location: New York, NY Type: Permanent Benefits: Full Relocation Assistance: Yes Interview Expenses Paid: Yes Please send resume to "jobs @ etechnovision . com" for immediate consideration, with A2147A in subject. Job Type: Full-time Required experience: as per the job description: 7 years 	A2147A - Java, AEM Software Engineer	Technovision Inc	New York	NY	New York, NY	Indeed	Mon, 02 Nov 2015 15:38:22 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=36526121788fd2d6&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2GSO6hP4YdwjtQKMNIikL5JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke8thc549had0
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Location: New York City 12 months plus multiple roles Open to candidates who are willing to relocate at their own expense. MUST HAVE ALL 5 OF 5 OF THE FOLLOWING SKILLS SET: 1.) Experience in SDET (Software Development in TEST) 2.) Ability to create API and integration tests programmatically based out of .NET 3.) Automated testing experience who can help automate (Develop and integrate testing frameworks) not just an analyst who can execute/record &amp; play 4.) Automation tool based on SpecFlow Cucumber 5.) Ability to write complex SQL statements (stored procedure, create/transform tables) Main Duties: Create and execute automated test scripts and scenarios based on requirements with some assistance Apply BDD concepts and write feature files with assistance Contribute to validation documentation Aware of existing APIs &amp; able to integrate them into the test frameworks with some assistance Reads, learns and implements knowledge gained from industry forums, blogs, presentations and papers Extend and maintain existing automation frameworks with some assistance Review test scripts and test documents Contribute to improvement of existing processes and procedures Create API and integration tests with some assistance Requires some guidance and assistance from senior team members With supervision, write validation documentation Attend grooming meetings and provide estimates Enhance feature files provided by product management Skills/Requirements: Strives for high performance and takes initiative to make improvements and deliver high quality results Takes personal accountability for and ensures internal and external customer satisfaction. Consistently looks for different and better ways to do business Makes a significant contribution to a solution that takes multiple people to solve Able to break down larger problems Begins to analyze testing needs and develops strategies to enhance testing through a programmatic approach Utilizes existing APIs &amp; integrates them into the test frameworks Estimates solutions to increasingly complex problems without guidance Solves problems independently with little guidance Shows initiative in identifying problems and providing solutions Effectively communicates to peers and colleagues cross-functionally, outside of immediate team Shares knowledge using blog posts and other means Demonstrates ability to communicate with clients Mentors junior members of the team "Intermediate knowledge of relevant framework and platform Writes and understands the code in a fluent nature Anticipates code that could be utilized in future projects Writes elegant and efficient code that is maintainable Leads code reviews Can decompose complicated functionality into simpler tests Applies the broader concepts of cross-functional software development into code Ability to use object oriented concepts in programming Ability to analyze performance characteristics of algorithms and design patterns Ability to write complex SQL statements Knowledge of concurrency and synchronization algorithms Has knowledge of different types of databases and their functionality, and when to use each Demonstrated ability to choose static, compiled or interpreted language for the task Create and execute effective test scripts and scenarios based on requirements Ability to review test scripts and test documents Ability to design automation frameworks with some assistance Ability to create API and integration tests with some assistance Provide guidance and assistance to junior team members With supervision, write validation documentation Contribute to grooming requirements Continuing to build an in-depth understanding of software development life cycle and software testing Demonstrates high level of quality in executing assigned tasks, including compliance with SOPs and work instructions Able to develop an effective automated test harness with little or no assistance Able to develop integration and API level tests Able, at a basic level, to communicate concepts and ideas regarding programmatic approaches to non-technical audiences Strong experience in at least one programming language	Test Engineer - Software Quality Assurance Advisor	Unified Solutions	New York	NY	New York, NY	CareerMarketplace.com	Sat, 07 Nov 2015 07:24:40 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=fd8474f123513d35&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2GSO6hP4YdwjtQKMNIikL5JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke8thc549had0
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Indicative is focused on making analytics easy for enterprise businesses by building simple, yet incredibly powerful tools. The Company is led by a successful management team with a proven track record that includes multiple exits to Fortune 500 companies. We've scaled up to processing billions of datapoints per month from our customers, from across many different sources, and we're looking to grow even further. We're hiring proactive, analytical engineers to build out our data ingestion pipeline and query engine. In this role, you'll have your thumb on the pulse of our most critical systems, and you'll help in innovating to scale out our infrastructure as our business grows. Responsibilities Lead and contribute to the technical architecture and vision for Indicative Research and develop new concepts and ideas to help scale our systems and eliminate performance bottlenecks Implement new features and functionality to support our growing customer base Engineer prototypes and tests to validate research Brainstorm and implement solutions to mitigate customer problems and production scalability issues About You You have advanced skills in Java and the JVM (3+ years) You have a solid CS foundation: you're able to justify the data structures, algorithms and techniques used in your code, and you're able to analyze it with regard to time/space complexity. You recognize the importance of clean/reusable code, automated testing, and building scalable systems. You get the job done: we're a small company, and we all wear a lot of hats. Whether it's engineering, ops, or even customer-facing, you're good for it. You're able to learn quickly and gain mastery of new technologies. We're primarily a JVM shop using Cassandra, MySQL, RabbitMQ, Thrift, AWS, etc. Your ability to get up to speed quickly is more important than your experience. What We Offer A polite, collegial, and quiet work environment centrally located Union Square. Awesome team culture: No politics, little formal hierarchy, and one that values independence and autonomy. Friendly and intelligent co-workers who are the BEST in their respective fields. Be a key player in the direction of the company and product. A successful management team that has experience in building and selling profitable businesses. Competitive compensation rates, full benefits and 401(k). Computer of your choice, extra monitors, special hardware, quiet space, fully stocked snack area, and team outings. Team lunches, snacks, drinks, etc. Job Type: Full-time Local candidates only: New York, NY Required experience: java: 3 years Required education: Bachelor's 	Senior Software Engineer	Indicative, Inc.	New York	NY	New York, NY	Indeed	Fri, 09 Oct 2015 16:28:32 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=737853a71d8fe9b0&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2GSO6hP4YdwjtQKMNIikL5JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke8thc549had0
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Type: Full Time Min. Experience: Entry-Level Who we are: We are Dataminr, the leading real-time information discovery company. Our ability to find and deliver information faster than any other source has completely revolutionized the information discovery space! Our ascent to being the most exciting company in New York City and the “super tool of journalists and hedge funds” has led to numerous accolades and achievements. We’ve been named #13 on CNBC’s Disruptor 50 list, added to the AlwaysOn Global 250 Top Private Companies list and received an invitation to speak at the World Economic Forum. Headquartered in New York City and nearing 200 employees, Dataminr provides a challenging and dynamic environment where everyone feels that they have the freedom to be innovative, impactful and influential. We’ve crafted a culture that promotes team interaction, work-life balance and the sharing of information and ideas because it empowers us to do our best work and have fun. If you want to be a part of the most interesting and exciting high-growth tech company in New York, please keep reading! Who you are: You are a dedicated software engineer interested in helping us sort, analyze and deliver relevant information from terabytes of unstructured data in the social media space. You are interested in strong abstractions that allow for fast iteration, easy integration and short development cycles, allowing us to constantly learn from our data and empowering our clients to apply these insights toward product enhancements. Desired Skills &amp; Experience: B.S./ M.S./PhD. in Computer Science or related fields Experience/Interest in building and managing large scale distributed software systems Experience in Java or C++ and experience with scripting languages Excellent knowledge of data structures, algorithms and design patterns Ability to solve open-ended problems in an elegant, scalable manner Experience with Amazon Web Services, distributed caches and NoSQL databases a big plus Excellent verbal and written communication skills Self-motivation and an ability to handle multiple competing priorities in a fast-paced environment Ability to work both independently and collaboratively within a team Our offering of competitive benefits and perks include: Company paid benefits for employees and their dependents, such as medical, dental, vision, disability and life Flexible spending account to be used for out-of-pocket medical, transit, parking and dependent care expenses 401(k) savings plan Generous leave Daily catered meals A kitchen fully stocked with snacks and beverages …and this is just to name a few! Dataminr is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. Individuals seeking employment at Dataminr are considered without regards to race, sex, color, creed, religion, national origin, age, disability, genetics, marital status, pregnancy, unemployment status, sexual orientation, citizenship status or veteran status.	Software Engineer - Platform	Dataminr	New York	NY	New York, NY	Dataminr	Sat, 10 Oct 2015 05:50:03 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=84b3f13795f424f5&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2GSO6hP4YdwjtQKMNIikL5JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke8thc549had0
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Type: Full Time Min. Experience: Entry-Level Who we are: We are Dataminr, the leading real-time information discovery company. Our ability to find and deliver information faster than any other source has completely revolutionized the information discovery space! Our ascent to being the most exciting company in New York City and the “super tool of journalists and hedge funds” has led to numerous accolades and achievements. We’ve been named #13 on CNBC’s Disruptor 50 list, added to the AlwaysOn Global 250 Top Private Companies list and received an invitation to speak at the World Economic Forum. Headquartered in New York City and nearing 200 employees, Dataminr provides a challenging and dynamic environment where everyone feels that they have the freedom to be innovative, impactful and influential. We’ve crafted a culture that promotes team interaction, work-life balance and the sharing of information and ideas because it empowers us to do our best work and have fun. If you want to be a part of the most interesting and exciting high-growth tech company in New York, please keep reading! Who you are: You are a dedicated software engineer interested in helping us sort, analyze and deliver relevant information from terabytes of unstructured data in the social media space. You are interested in strong abstractions that allow for fast iteration, easy integration and short development cycles, allowing us to constantly learn from our data and empowering our clients to apply these insights toward product enhancements. Desired Skills &amp; Experience: B.S/M.S./PhD. in Computer Science or related fields Experience in handling or analyzing large volumes of data Experience with distributed data processing system, such as Hadoop/MapReduce, Hive, Pig and SQL/NoSQL databases Experience in Java or C++ and experience with scripting languages Excellent knowledge of data structures, algorithms and design patterns Ability to solve open-ended problems in an elegant, scalable manner Pay close attention to detail and display a high standard for accuracy and responsiveness Excellent verbal and written communication skills Self-motivation and an ability to handle multiple competing priorities in a fast-paced environment Ability to work both independently and collaboratively within a team Our offering of competitive benefits and perks include: Company paid benefits for employees and their dependents, such as medical, dental, vision, disability and life Flexible spending account to be used for out-of-pocket medical, transit, parking and dependent care expenses 401(k) savings plan Generous leave Daily catered meals A kitchen fully stocked with snacks and beverages …and this is just to name a few! Dataminr is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. Individuals seeking employment at Dataminr are considered without regards to race, sex, color, creed, religion, national origin, age, disability, genetics, marital status, pregnancy, unemployment status, sexual orientation, citizenship status or veteran status.	Software Engineer - New Grad 2016	Dataminr	New York	NY	New York, NY	Dataminr	Sun, 11 Oct 2015 15:53:00 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=34df490f42038769&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2k3UPGH_246CFQoUDXXFiCJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke91ln50pf8ln
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Lead Engineer in Test - Ex Google Tech Startup Please apply via indeed by clicking "apply now". We typically respond within 24 hours and look forward to connecting! We are searching for a Lead Engineer in Test who can develop the next generation of software testing techniques within our engineering organization. With test automation and continuous deployment already a regular practice, we want an individual to help take our test automation and testability practices to the next level in order to provide fast and reliable results. You can expect to be hands on with our engineering and architecture teams. Areas of focus include (but are not limited to) Web, Mobile, and Micro services Testability and Automation. Responsibilities Work with team to identify initiatives that promote continuous testing and continuous deployment Lead a small team of Engineers in Test working in common functional/business area Align on test process and tools with other leads and managers to create a unified vision of testing Be a hands-on technical contributor in a lead capacity Qualifications Demonstrated leadership in defining testability and test automation practices, training, mentorship, and possibly management. Experience in agile, continuous deployment environments Experience with testing theory and principles of well-constructed architecture Deep knowledge of either Web, Micro Service or Mobile testing Minimum Bachelor’s Degree of Science, preferably C.S. 5+ years of experience in a Software Engineering role (Software Engineer, Test Engineer). Proficient in at least 1 programming language (Java, C, C#, Python, Ruby, etc.), Linux Systems, and SQL. Minimum of 2 years experience in a senior/lead testing capacity. Job Type: Full-time Salary: $160,000.00 /year 	Lead Software Engineer in Test - Ex Google Tech Startup	Custom Talent LLC	New York	NY	New York, NY	Indeed	Tue, 20 Oct 2015 22:08:06 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=73ab6429a313ad29&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2k3UPGH_246CFQoUDXXFiCJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke91ln50pf8ln
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Job Description Duration - Long Term Location - New York, NY Write code that is scalable, maintainable, reusable, and well-tested Building reliable, redundant systems Wouldn’t shy away from diving into a large Rails application to refactor it into well tested components and services Experience designing, implementing, and maintaining APIs as a service for your team and customers Optimize complex data models for understandability and performance Required 8+ years of overall experience with at least 4 years of Ruby and Ruby on Rails experience Qualifications null Additional Information All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines.	Senior Software Engineer - Ruby and Ruby on Rails	TMS LLC	New York	NY	New York, NY	TMS LLC	Thu, 08 Oct 2015 03:05:56 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=65ef2e89154f294c&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2k3UPGH_246CFQoUDXXFiCJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke91ln50pf8ln
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	The candidate should possess the ability to perform at least 2 of the following functions: Maintain remote monitoring systems to improve communications and data transfers from remote facilities. Carry out requirements analysis and design of software systems and develop custom applications for remote and secure data transfers, monitoring, and state of health (SoH) analysis. Design, test and implement various network configurations, using the latest firewall, VPN (virtual private network), routing techniques etc., to enhance the existing TCP/IP-based remote monitoring infrastructure. Ensure the reliability and availability of safeguards remote monitoring data repositories on a 24/7 basis and ensure that the system meets the performance criteria. Provide expert advice and support to Operations Divisions, including the provision of field support during inspections and instruction on the use of instruments, methods and techniques, and writing network/system operation procedures. Skills &amp; Requirements Technical expertise (the following skills are desirable): Thorough understanding of software engineering processes and the software engineering life cycle. Disciplined, methodical approach to requirements analysis and system design. Knowledge of Web programming (JavaScript, PHP, PERL, HTML/HTML5, ASP.NET). Knowledge of programming custom desktop/server user applications and/or services with one or more of C/C++, C#, and/or Java. Knowledge of mobile operating systems and mobile application development for one or more of iOS (including Objective-C programming), Android (including Java programming) and/or Windows Phone 8 (including C# programming). Knowledge of relational database management software (e.g. SQL Server) and SQL Basic knowledge of cryptographic concepts (e.g. PKI). Demonstrated ability to write clear and concise technical reports, procedures, and/or technical specifications. Demonstrated capability to work on complex engineering/scientific tasks from the conceptual stage, through prototyping, evaluation, and field-use. Demonstrated communication and interpersonal skills, and the ability to establish and maintain effective working relations with Agency staff at all levels. Ability to work in a multicultural environment with sensitivity and respect for diversity. About International Atomic Energy Agency The International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) is the world's focal point for scientific and technical cooperation in the peaceful uses of nuclear energy. Established as an autonomous organization under the United Nations in 1957, the IAEA represents the realization of US President Eisenhower's visionary "Atoms for Peace" speech to the UN General Assembly in 1953. He proposed the creation of an international body to both control and promote the use atomic energy. The IAEA's mission is guided by the interests and needs of its Member States and by the vision embodied in its Statute. \	Vienna, Austria Software Engineer	International Atomic Energy Agency	New York	NY	New York, NY	StackOverflow Jobs	Thu, 22 Oct 2015 02:22:00 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=fc9ae1e66df93bcd&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2k3UPGH_246CFQoUDXXFiCJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke91ln50pf8ln
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	About us: CrowdTwist is an industry-leading provider of comprehensive multichannel loyalty and analytics solutions that drive engagement and incremental spend, leading to better customer data, stronger insight, and more personalized experiences. We are revolutionizing loyalty, helping top brands including Pepsi, Nestlé Purina, L'Oreal, and Zumiez develop a deeper understanding of customers. The Role: CrowdTwist is seeking a Senior Software Engineer to join our growing platform development team based in New York City. In this role, you will be responsible for growing and maintaining the front end applications within the CrowdTwist platform. You will collaborate with your fellow team members, including back and front end developers, as well as Product Management and User Experience. In this role, you will work with a broad front end tech stack, including: Angular CoffeeScript Sass Jade Backbone / Marionette Node These are some of the technologies in place today, but we're open to using any technology that solves our challenges in a thoughtful and expert manner. At over a million lines of code, you'll be working with a large, highly-trafficked, scalable application used by millions of people. For a developer with the right skill set and attitude, this is an excellent opportunity to get in at the early stage of a growing company, work on challenging technical problems alongside top talent and help shape the future of the CrowdTwist platform. Responsibilities: Architecting and developing front end components of the CrowdTwist platform Provide thought leadership regarding coding best practices, standards, frameworks, programming languages and technologies Ensure optimal performance and scalability of all aspects of the platform Assist in training and mentoring team members You: Have a BS in Computer Science or equivalent experience Have 5+ years of professional software development experience Have strong working knowledge of JavaScript, CSS, and JavaScript frameworks (Angular, Backbone, React, etc...) Have deep experience with cross browser quirks and compatibility issues Have experience designing and developing responsive websites Have thorough understanding of the full web stack (e.g. HTTP, cookies, asset loading/caching) Know how to find a balance between doing a good job, and shipping products Manage your time effectively, and can be a strong example for others Are comfortable collaborating with UX designers to deliver outstanding user experiences Are product-oriented, always coding with the product in mind Take a holistic and pragmatic approach to software development Can follow style guides and bring wireframes to life Does this sound like you? Do you enjoy working on a small team with smart people solving complex technical problems? Do you have an entrepreneurial spirit with a get-it-done attitude? If so, you should join us! We're cool, relaxed, experienced, hard driving, changing our industry and looking for smart people like yourself to help tackle tough technical challenges. Benefits &amp; Perks: We have a fun, generous company culture that's built on our fundamental principle that when you give more, you get more: We offer a generous employee benefits package including stock options, fully paid Medical, Dental &amp; Vision plans for employees &amp; their dependents ! We bring toys to the office but still think the most fun thing to do is build product We love getting to know one another outside the office through CrowdTwist sponsored events (volleyball and dodgeball teams, high speed go-karting, bowling, paintball, happy hour, the list goes on and on) Provide lunches, drinks and snacks so our team can be hungry for other things Learn from and teach each other at CrowdTwist U Try to say what we mean and mean what we say This is a full-time position based in our New York City office. Relocation assistance will be available if needed.	Senior Software Engineer (Front End Development)	CrowdTwist	New York	NY	New York, NY	CrowdTwist	Wed, 30 Sep 2015 04:09:28 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=9922ca404a869e4d&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2k3UPGH_246CFQoUDXXFiCJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke91ln50pf8ln
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Job Description Candidate will participate in all aspects of the design and maintenance of software for high performance camera robotic products. Full lifecycle software development; programming to include conceptual design, general coding, release to manufacturing testing, and quality assurance. Candidate needs to be able to produce final release software for manufacturing including associated documentation. Candidate needs to demonstrate the ability to use appropriate development tools, compliers, and simulation. Must be capable of working within a team environment to plan, organize, execute and thoroughly document complex system designs, including the ability to assist in developing technical solutions to customer specifications. Test and debug skills are necessary; must understand interoperability of hardware and software. Knowledge of and experience with C, C#, VB, and Windows programming (WIN32, .NET, WPF) are required. Knowledge of and experience with analog and digital design (motor drive, microcontrollers) are required. Must be able to manage and support multiple tasks on a consistent basis, while providing the highest level of service. Good verbal and writing skills are necessary. Primary Responsibilities: Candidate will participate in all aspects of the software design and invention of high performance robotic camera products. Includes conceptual design, architecting, and programming. Includes debugging, and system testing applications and modules in various software languages. Creation and upkeep of company product documents. Maintenance of current products and feature addition. Coordinate multiple build activities internally with engineering projects. Directing test engineers and technicians on specific projects. Provide customer support in the factory and in the field. BS Computer Engineering or BSEE: 3 years or more applicable experience in embedded and Windows programming design preferred. Must be capable of working within a team, or as an individual, as the project plan dictates. Must be capable of thoroughly documenting complex system designs. Proven ability to assist in developing technical solutions to customer specifications. Experience with testing and debugging; in lab prototypes (initial bring up) and in field customer sites. Strong Knowledge of software development tools. Strong knowledge of C, C#, and Microsoft(WIN32, .NET, WPF) are required. Knowledge of analog, digital and embedded design (motor drives, D/A, A/D, embedded microcontroller circuitry). Knowledge of assembly language (Freescale, Microchip) a plus Knowledge of design, development, test engineering, and manufacturing processes. Knowledge of Front End graphical user interface design (WPF). Ability to read hardware block diagrams, schematics, and wiring diagrams. Knowledge of PCB schematic and layout tools a plus. Basic computer skills, including Microsoft suite; Outlook, Word, Excel, etc ... For immediate consideration, please contact Christopher.Ciuppa@rht.com with most recent resume and salary requirement	Software Engineer	Robert Half Technology	Paramus	NJ	Paramus, NJ	Robert Half Technology	Sat, 17 Oct 2015 04:01:30 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=61839c427cb66004&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2k3UPGH_246CFQoUDXXFiCJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke91ln50pf8ln
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Job Title : Product Software Engineer - 3D Location: Upstate New York Type: Permanent Description: Seeking product Software Engineer to design and develop software using 3D graphics technology. Excellent opportunity with rapidly expanding company. Competitive compensation package and excellent benefits. Requirements: - C++ required, C++ 11 preferred - 3D design and programming experience - 3D mapping - OpenGL - STL, Boost - GPU programming - Multi-threaded programming - Familiarity with Visual Studio - Excellent communication skills - Knowledge of special reference systems - knowledge of hardware 3D rendering pipeline - Experience with spatial data structures - Object oriented Design - Must be US Citizen or Permanent Resident (Green card) - BS or MS in Computer Science or related degree Additional desired skills and experience: - Geospatial Data Abstraction Library (GDAL) - GIS concepts, tools and data (vector, raster, 3D models, LIDAR, etc.) - 3D mapping - Knowledge of Coordinate geometry and spatial reference systems Thanks and Regards Rana Vikrant Singh Recruitment Executive Ph: 312-473-9857 www.inasolution.com Job Type: Full-time Required experience: C++, 3D,OpenGL: 3 years 	Product Software Engineer - 3D	INA Solution	New York	NY	New York, NY	Indeed	Wed, 30 Sep 2015 15:38:11 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=b80ee236d7d2c76c&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2k3UPGH_246CFQoUDXXFiCJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke91ln50pf8ln
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Persistent Systems is looking for an Embedded Software Engineer with extensive experience in a Linux environment. The position involves the development and implementation of a wide range of networking software. The ideal candidate has recent, demonstrated, hands-on development expertise with Linux. The position involves a significant level of autonomy in which a self-motivated applicant will work independently to develop solutions. POSITION RESPONSIBILITIES Developing and implementing a wide range of low-level embedded software (including device driver, Linux kernel modules, network stack development, porting existing software to new embedded platforms, and other low level programming activities), hardware development, as well as the development of application software running on the Wave Relay® network Supporting in-house and in-the-field engineering activities including travel to customer sites Traveling to test locations, military facilities, and customer sites to directly supporting the testing, evaluation, and deployment of the Wave Relay® system Integrating other systems, sensors, and components with the Wave Relay® system Writing technical proposals Skills &amp; Requirements MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS 5+ years of programming experience using C or C++ Experience developing software for Linux systems Experience with Linux driver development (e.g. wireless, network stack) Current responsibilities are primarily coding Applicant must have a US security clearance or ability to obtain a US security clearance PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS Master’s or PhD in EE/CS Linux kernel and kernel module development Linux driver development (e.g. wireless, network stack) Embedded/custom Linux distribution development/management (e.g. MontaVista, OpenWRT, SnapGear, Android) Cross-compiling &amp; porting (e.g. make, autoconf) UNIX shell scripting Network application development (e.g. VoIP, streaming H.264) Distributed systems and network protocol development MANET / mesh / wireless ad hoc and wired networking Android application development Web Management CGI development (HTML, Javascript, AJAX) Advanced Cisco router/switch configuration/management About Persistent Systems LLC Persistent Systems is a growing business that develops Mobile Ad hoc Networking (MANET) wireless radio systems for US Government and commercial applications. The radios are typically worn on the person, mounted to manned vehicles, integrated into autonomous unmanned vehicles, or installed at fixed sites. The systems provide on-the-move data, voice, video, and situational awareness capability. Located in the heart of New York City, Persistent Systems is an exciting company that is passionate about delivering cutting edge products. Persistent Systems is committed to equal employment opportunity (EEO). We will not discriminate against employees or applicants in relation to race, creed, color, national origin, sexual orientation, sex, disability, military status, marital status, victims of domestic violence, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws. . \	Senior Embedded Software Engineer	Persistent Systems LLC	New York	NY	New York, NY	StackOverflow Jobs	Sat, 24 Oct 2015 14:30:01 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=ac3e2a9d998504d9&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2k3UPGH_246CFQoUDXXFiCJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke91ln50pf8ln
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Persistent Systems is a growing business that develops Mobile Ad hoc Networking (MANET) wireless radio systems for US Government and commercial applications. The radios are typically worn on the person, mounted to manned vehicles, integrated into autonomous unmanned vehicles, or installed at fixed sites. The systems provide on-the-move data, voice, video, and situational awareness capability. Located in the heart of New York City, Persistent Systems is an exciting company that is passionate about delivering cutting edge products. ResponsibilitiesPersistent Systems is looking for an Embedded Software Engineer with extensive experience in a Linux environment. The position involves the development and implementation of a wide range of networking software. The ideal candidate has recent, demonstrated, hands-on development expertise with Linux. The position involves a significant level of autonomy in which a self-motivated applicant will work independently to develop solutions. Ã?Â POSITION RESPONSIBILITIES * Developing and implementing a wide range of low-level embedded software (including device driver, Linux kernel modules, network stack development, porting existing software to new embedded platforms, and other low level programming activities), hardware development, as well as the development of application software running on the Wave RelayÃ?Â® network * Supporting in-house and in-the-field engineering activities including travel to customer sites * Traveling to test locations, military facilities, and customer sites to directly supporting the testing, evaluation, and deployment of the Wave RelayÃ?Â® system * Integrating other systems, sensors, and components with theÃ?Â Wave RelayÃ?Â® system * Writing technical proposals QualificationsMINMUM QUALIFICATIONS * 5+ years of programming experience using C or C++ * Experience developing software for Linux systems * Experience with Linux driver development (e.g. wireless, network stack) * Current responsibilities are primarily coding * Applicant must have a security clearance or ability to obtain a security clearanceÃ?Â PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS * MasterÃ¢Â?Â?s or PhD in EE/CS * Linux kernel and kernel module development * Linux driver development (e.g. wireless, network stack) * Embedded/custom Linux distribution development/management * (e.g. MontaVista, OpenWRT, SnapGear, Android) * Cross-compiling and porting (e.g. make, autoconf) * UNIX shell scripting * Network application development (e.g. VoIP, streaming H.264) * Distributed systems and network protocol development * MANET / mesh / wireless ad hoc and wired networking * Android application development * Web Management CGI development (HTML, Javascript, AJAX) * Advanced Cisco router/switch configuration/management Unspecified	Senior Embedded Software Engineer with Security Clearance	Persistent Systems	New York	NY	New York, NY	ClearanceJobs.com	Sat, 31 Oct 2015 21:04:52 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=a1dc529c14617124&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2k3UPGH_246CFQoUDXXFiCJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke91ln50pf8ln
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Multiple full-time, permanent positions with paid relocation to the area. The incumbent to this position will perform requirements management activities, modeling and simulation, functional/software design and early development activities. Qualified candidates must have 5+ years of relevant systems and software engineering experience, preferably including familiarity with the Aegis Combat System and/or the AN/SPY-6 Air and Missile Defense Radar. All applicants must be US citizens and have a current DoD Secret clearance (of have the ability to obtain one). Qualifications Rhapsody, SysML, or similar tools DOORS and/or similar tools Proficient developing software in modern programming languages (e.g. C++, Java, Python, etc.) High level of competency in architecture definition, modeling and simulation, trade-off analyses, system level design and validation BSEE, BS Computer Engineering/Science, BS Physics or BS Mathematics Desired Skills Knowledge of Air and Missile Defense Radar Knowledge of Weapons Control System Design, Radar Integration or IAMD/BMD Prospective employees will receive consideration without discrimination based on race, creed, color, sex, age, national origin, or disability. In-Depth Engineering is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Job Type: Full-time Required experience: System/Software Engineering: 5 years Required education: Bachelor's 	Mid/Senior Systems Software Engineer	In-Depth Engineering Corporation	Jersey City	NJ	Jersey City, NJ	Indeed	Thu, 15 Oct 2015 15:19:29 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=9637c869e57ec760&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2k3UPGH_246CFQoUDXXFiCJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke91ln50pf8ln
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	The Role: This position will be part of the Embedded Engineering team and work closely with Canary’s Hardware Engineering and Software Engineering teams to develop the next generation of Canary’s products. As part of the job you will have to perform high-end MCU board bring-up activities, modules interconnection and integration. You will be working cross stack writing a mission critical application software that runs 24/7 on a MCU platform. You will be designing a new generation mesh networking solution with mission critical aspects. We hope you find this exciting and come armed with a bag of tricks and excitement about problem solving. What You Are Going To Be Up To: Bringing ultra low power, high end MCU board Bringing up, integrating and utilizing various peripheral modules Integrating different sensors and writing application code to utilize them Creating interconnectivity protocols and mesh networking solutions Developing multi-threaded embedded application We Need You To Have: 5+ years of embedded software experience 1+ years of writing MCU software BS/MS in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering or related experience Mastery of C/C++ and realtime applications Strong knowledge of TCP/IP network stack Ability to work and debug problems from lowest to highest level of the stack Experience writing mission-critical production quality software Bonus Qualifications: Previous consumer product development experience Battery powered and/or Wireless devices development experience Cellular experience Startup experience. About Us: We’re Canary, a New York City-based startup that believes the best technology makes you smarter, puts you in control, and gives you access to the information you need. That’s why we’re dedicated to developing easy-to-use technology that protects, empowers, and has a meaningful impact on people, families, and their communities. Our first product made Indiegogo history as the most successful connected home crowdfunded product ever, and has proven that there’s a real demand for a simple, intelligent, all-in-one home security device. We think it’s because Canary does more than protect your home; it gives people control, connects them to their loved ones, and helps them hold on to the moments that matter. We're looking for brilliant, talented people who love toppling giants, working autonomously in small teams, solving challenging problems, and developing real solutions for everyday use. If that sounds like you, come join us and help us make the world feel safe and secure. What can we give you? Comprehensive health insurance. Daily catered lunch. Flexible work hours. Unlimited vacation. Reimbursement for commuter costs. 	Senior Embedded Software Engineer (MCU)	Canary	New York	NY	New York, NY	Canary	Sun, 11 Oct 2015 11:00:00 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=59c37ef6deb3d056&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2k3UPGH_246CFQoUDXXFiCJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke91ln50pf8ln
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	------ ------ The Role: This position will be part of the Embedded Engineering team and work closely with Canary’s Hardware Engineering and Software Engineering teams to develop the next generation of Canary’s products. As part of the job you will have to perform board bring-up activities, modules interconnection and integration. You will be working cross stack writing a mission critical application software that runs 24/7 on an embedded Linux platform as well as at the driver/kernel level. We hope you find this exciting and come armed with a bag of tricks and excitement about problem solving. What You Are Going To Be Up To: Bringing up new generation SoC Integrating peripheral modules and adjusting/writing drivers for them Integrating different sensors and writing drivers and application code to utilize them Writing kernel and user space applications Creating cloud connectivity protocol Developing multi-threaded embedded application We Need You To Have: 5+ years of embedded software experience BS/MS in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering or related experience Mastery of C/C++ and realtime applications Understanding of Linux operating system Strong knowledge of TCP/IP network stack Ability to work and debug problems from the driver to the application code Experience writing mission-critical production quality software Bonus Qualifications: Previous consumer product development experience Battery powered and/or Wireless devices development experience Kernel level network driver experience. Startup experience. About Us: We’re Canary, a New York City-based startup that believes the best technology makes you smarter, puts you in control, and gives you access to the information you need. That’s why we’re dedicated to developing easy-to-use technology that protects, empowers, and has a meaningful impact on people, families, and their communities. Our first product made Indiegogo history as the most successful connected home crowdfunded product ever, and has proven that there’s a real demand for a simple, intelligent, all-in-one home security device. We think it’s because Canary does more than protect your home; it gives people control, connects them to their loved ones, and helps them hold on to the moments that matter. We're looking for brilliant, talented people who love toppling giants, working autonomously in small teams, solving challenging problems, and developing real solutions for everyday use. If that sounds like you, come join us and help us make the world feel safe and secure. What can we give you? Comprehensive health insurance. Daily catered lunch. Flexible work hours. Unlimited vacation. Reimbursement for commuter costs. 	Senior Embedded Software Engineer	Canary	New York	NY	New York, NY	Canary	Sun, 11 Oct 2015 11:00:00 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=1e343154e922f7a4&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2k3UPGH_246CFQoUDXXFiCJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke91ln50pf8ln
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Job Description Candidate will participate in all aspects of the design and maintenance of software for high performance camera robotic products. Full lifecycle software development; programming to include conceptual design, general coding, release to manufacturing testing, and quality assurance. Candidate needs to be able to produce final release software for manufacturing including associated documentation. Candidate needs to demonstrate the ability to use appropriate development tools, compliers, and simulation. Must be capable of working within a team environment to plan, organize, execute and thoroughly document complex system designs, including the ability to assist in developing technical solutions to customer specifications. Test and debug skills are necessary; must understand interoperability of hardware and software. Knowledge of and experience with C, C#, VB, and Windows programming (WIN32, .NET, WPF) are required. Knowledge of and experience with analog and digital design (motor drive, microcontrollers) are required. Must be able to manage and support multiple tasks on a consistent basis, while providing the highest level of service. Good verbal and writing skills are necessary. Primary Responsibilities: Candidate will participate in all aspects of the software design and invention of high performance robotic camera products. Includes conceptual design, architecting, and programming. Includes debugging, and system testing applications and modules in various software languages. Creation and upkeep of company product documents. Maintenance of current products and feature addition. Coordinate multiple build activities internally with engineering projects. Directing test engineers and technicians on specific projects. Provide customer support in the factory and in the field. BS Computer Engineering or BSEE: 3 years or more applicable experience in embedded and Windows programming design preferred. Must be capable of working within a team, or as an individual, as the project plan dictates. Must be capable of thoroughly documenting complex system designs. Proven ability to assist in developing technical solutions to customer specifications. Experience with testing and debugging; in lab prototypes (initial bring up) and in field customer sites. Strong Knowledge of software development tools. Strong knowledge of C, C#, and Microsoft(WIN32, .NET, WPF) are required. Knowledge of analog, digital and embedded design (motor drives, D/A, A/D, embedded microcontroller circuitry). Knowledge of assembly language (Freescale, Microchip) a plus Knowledge of design, development, test engineering, and manufacturing processes. Knowledge of Front End graphical user interface design (WPF). Ability to read hardware block diagrams, schematics, and wiring diagrams. Knowledge of PCB schematic and layout tools a plus. Basic computer skills, including Microsoft suite; Outlook, Word, Excel, etc ... For immediate consideration, please contact Christopher.Ciuppa@rht.com with most recent resume and salary requirement	Software Engineer	Robert Half Technology	Mahwah	NJ	Mahwah, NJ	Robert Half Technology	Mon, 02 Nov 2015 23:50:46 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=1ab8dee237864320&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2k3UPGH_246CFQoUDXXFiCJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke91ln50pf8ln
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Quidsi is a subsidiary of Amazon and entrepreneurial parent company to Diapers.com , Soap.com , BeautyBar.com , Wag.com , Yoyo.com , Look.com , Afterschool.com , Casa.com and Vinemarket.com . We are a mom-centric retail technology company. We deliver delightful experiences, products, and expertise by offering a curated selection of products, lightning-fast delivery, incredible customer service, and an easy-to-navigate shopping experience. Quidsi’s sites are host to millions of daily visitors, and our warehouses are run by hundreds of autonomous Kiva robots. Our entire operation, from our websites/apps to our fulfillment centers and customer care center, is focused on creating an enjoyable end-to-end customer experience. To get there, we need exceptionally talented, bright, and driven people who are energized by "what if" (the meaning of Quidsi in Latin). If you'd like to help us build the place where people can find and buy anything online, come and innovate with us! We are building a high caliber team of Lead Software Development Engineers consisting of the brightest minds that raise the bar and enjoy being vigorously challenged. The ideal candidate is passionate about design and architecture with an unwavering commitment to code quality. At Quidsi we value providing an amazing experience for our customers. This includes a curated site experience as our products and sites become increasingly diverse, expedited shipping and a team who is empowered. The ideal candidate is an idea generator who offers innovative solutions through a combination of creative thinking and deep understanding of the problem space. Projects will leverage Amazon’s technological capabilities and platforms to make Quidsi’s solutions compelling, unique and sustainable. Responsibilities · Propose, prototype, and evaluate multiple areas of optimization for our e-commerce applications and mobile-optimized sites · Build high availability/high reliability software on time · Construct secure, scalable, and low-latency services and mobile applications · Provide hands-on code contribution and shipping responsibility - libraries, API's, documentation This position is conveniently located in Jersey City, NJ, a four minute ride from the World Trade Center and just outside the Exchange Place PATH Station. Bordering the Hudson River, our offices have spectacular panoramic views of Manhattan and New Jersey. Quidsi Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer-Affirmative Action Employer- Female/Minority/Disability/Vet Basic Qualifications · Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or a related field or corresponding experience equaling 4 year degree · 5+ years’ experience in at least one of the following modern programming languages: C#, Java, Python, or Ruby · Minimum of 2 years of web applications/services experience Preferred Qualifications · Experience building highly-available distributed systems on a cloud infrastructure (e.g. AWS) · Experience delivering low-latency, consumer-internet-scale web services · Experience working with, or an interest in, Agile Methodologies, such as Extreme Programming (XP) and Scrum · Strong OO skills, Computer Science fundamentals in data structures and algorithm design · Experience training and mentoring the engineering community on complex technical issues · Ability to manage expectations, meet firm deadlines, and thrive in a dynamic work environment · Problem solving and complexity analysis skills · Strong verbal and written communication skills · Ability to maintain a sense of humor	Senior Software Development Engineer	Quidsi, Inc.	Jersey City	NJ	Jersey City, NJ	Amazon.com	Thu, 22 Oct 2015 02:51:33 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=eaccce28ebfa49f0&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2k3UPGH_246CFQoUDXXFiCJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke91ln50pf8ln
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Paperless Post is seeking software engineers to help build and refine a sophisticated platform with a deep network of over 100 million users. You’ll work on all parts of the development cycle, in many different areas of code, and on constantly releasing features as part of a deeply collaborative team with a robust development process. Working with a cross-disciplinary team, you’ll build and support a reliable, scalable product while balancing requirements and complexity. There are several different tracks open, depending on your experience and interests. Some of the things we’re currently focusing on include scaling our infrastructure, investing in our development platform, refining user experience, data analysis, and graphics/image processing. What you’ll do here: Build and refine the best Paperless Post experience possible. Languages used include Ruby, Javascript (ES2015), Go, C, and Python. Work closely with other developers to organize and prioritize your efforts for performance, stability, and clean code. Make engineering and product decisions based on rigorous data analysis and collaboration with our in-house Data team. Stay current on technology trends and participate in internal tech talks, hack days, and learning sessions. Become the best child/spouse/sibling/friend because you’ll send more greeting cards than you ever thought possible. What you bring to the table: You absolutely must have hard skills, a good attitude, and demonstrated experience. Beyond that, we’re open-minded. Here are some examples of things that spark our interest: Knowledge of one (or more!): Ruby, Javascript, Golang, C, PostgreSQL, React, Node, Canvas, Objective-C, image processing, Android/Java, WebGL. Experience helping scale something substantial, such as traffic, code, or infrastructure. An eagerness to embrace an engineering culture that values testing, code review, and leaving things better than the way you found them. Curiosity for knowing why something is done with the goal of doing it the best way possible. Passion for product quality and attention to detail. The ability to be opinionated but not dogmatic. Comfort backing ideas up with logic and data. Humility, gumption, moxie, and other fun, old-timey synonyms for that type of can-do attitude. A little about the team The PP Engineering team is a highly collaborative group of developers and technologists that’s charged with building and refining a consumer-facing product that millions of people interact with each month. Our individual feature teams each focus on a unique piece of the user experience and are made up of engineers, product managers, QA, and product designers. We prioritize creativity and continuing education, and our ongoing commitment to quality code shows in our pragmatic but fearless approach to technology. Paperless Post is the leading platform for digital and printed invitations. With over 100 million users and $47 million in venture financing, we’ve firmly secured our position in the market and a devoted user base. Company-wide we enjoy an amazing ecosystem of an even gender split and healthy balance of engineers and designers. Because Paperless Post isn’t supported by ad revenue, we get to spend our days focused on creating and improving on the ideal version of our platform, product, content, and partnerships for our users.	Sr Software Engineer	Paperless Post	New York	NY	New York, NY	Paperless Post	Sun, 04 Oct 2015 05:48:11 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=1f92b40e91df1a1a&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2k3UPGH_246CFQoUDXXFiCJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke91ln50pf8ln
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Job Descriptions: Imagine helping to develop products that truly make a difference in the lives of millions of students. Renaissance Learning, a leading provider of technology-based school improvement and student assessment programs for K-12 schools, is seeking a Java Software Engineer to join its R&amp;D team in our new location in Brooklyn, NY. In this position you will collaborate, design, code, test and deploy cloud-based web applications to the K-12 education market that positively impact millions of students and teachers around the world. In your areas of expertise you will be helping to shape our technical design and architectural principles along with participating in various Agile Scrum ceremonies and mentoring other engineers. About Us: Renaissance Learning™ is a leading provider of cloud-based assessment and teaching and learning solutions that fit the K12 classroom, raise the level of school performance, and accelerate learning for all. By delivering deep insight into what students know, what they like, and how they learn, Renaissance Learning enables educators to deliver highly differentiated and timely instruction while driving personalized student practice in reading, writing, and math every day. Renaissance Learning leverages top experts within a rigorous development and calibration process to deliver and continuously improve its offerings in over one-third of U.S. schools and more than 60 countries worldwide. We offer competitive compensation, enviable benefits, and smart, friendly co-workers—all in a relaxed, fun atmosphere where you'll have the opportunity to excel each day. Required Experience: A Bachelor of Science in Computer Science or Software Engineering is required. General experience in full-stack development with a good understanding of .NET programming. Solid experience in any of the following technologies; C#, JavaScript, AngularJS, Flex, HTML, CSS, MS SQL Server, TSQL, Java, C, C++. Specific experience for this job include Java and associated frameworks such as JSP and Spring and the Alfresco content management system. Additionally, experience with tools and technologies such as; Apache Maven, Tomcat, Puppet, Vagrant, Linux, MongoDB, Redis, Solr and SQL are also highly desirable. Candidates for this position are great coders with strong written and verbal technical communications skills and a demonstrated ability to work in an Agile Scrum environment. Keyword: Apache Maven, Tomcat, Puppet, Vagrant, Linux, MongoDB, Redis, Solr, SQL, C++,Alfresco, ASP.NET, C#, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, AngularJS, Flex, MS SQL, T-SQL, coder, Agile, Scrum, developer, IT From: Renaissance Learning, Inc.	Java Software Engineer	Renaissance Learning, Inc.	Brooklyn	NY	Brooklyn, NY	Renaissance Learning, Inc.	Fri, 02 Oct 2015 04:51:32 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=5339aac98ce0e4da&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2k3UPGH_246CFQoUDXXFiCJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke91ln50pf8ln
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Eclaro International is currently recruiting for a software engineer for one of our clients new products development group - similar in nature to a research and development area. There are 2 openings - one for a senior level engineer and one for a junior or a mid-level engineer. The client is flexible in the years of experience. This is a start up group within the financial industry. Roles and Responsibilities: 1. NPD Engineer is responsible for all of the technical aspects of coding, design, implementation and programming to scale. 2. Drive the full lifecycle (plan, manage and delivery) to meet defined deliverables, processes, and tools. 3. Research, recommend, and support new standards, experiments, innovations, and upgrades 4. Collaborate with Development teams to develop integration design and where appropriate prepare estimates on design and development services for integration initiatives 5. Responsible to develop and implement IT business processes based on Banking industry-best practices 6. Motivate team members and facilitates team meetings and make formal project reports and presentations to various level audiences. 7. Apply your ability to participate and manage workload on simultaneous application, datacenter and infrastructure related projects from inception through completion; Required Skills: 1. M. S. preferably in Computer Science or related field. 2. Proven track record of delivering successfully large scale integration projects. 3. Strong knowledge of emerging technologies: mobile (IOS, Android), or No SQL (Hadoop, Mongo, Casandra), columnar (Vertica, Sybase IQ), and search (solr or EleasticSearch) 4. Experience in Architect / Design Experience in Large Complex Multi-terabyte data environments 5. Deep knowledge and experience in integrations technology including Software Oriented Architecture (SOA) and related standards and technology. 6. 10 years of experience in programming C, C++, Java Python, Ruby ideal ( Cobol as appropriate 7. Technical lead to design, Migrate, deploy Server based virtualization solutions and applications such as Cisco UCS, VMWare, AIX VIO, etc. 8. Extensive experience with LINUX (RHEL, SUSE) or Windows, UNIX (AIX, SUN, CISCO, Client, DELL) 9. Knowledge of database technologies; Sybase, SQL Server, Oracle, DB2 10. Understanding of security procedures and practices. Desired Skills: 1. Financial Industry Experience 2. Knowledge of UML and OO software design 3. Knowledge of rapid prototype toolset ( e.g. C#, F#) 4. Strong analytical and problem solving skills 5. Strong interpersonal as well as verbal / written communications skills 6. Self-starter that requires minimal supervision 7. Flexible / adaptable - able to work with diverse groups of people including all levels of business management 8. Excellent project management and facilitation skills	Software Engineer - Research and Development	Eclaro			New York	Eclaro	Tue, 03 Nov 2015 04:27:12 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=db708b9f293fd702&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2k3UPGH_246CFQoUDXXFiCJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke91ln50pf8ln
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Are you passionate about solving highly complex technical challenges and developing fast? Does the idea of engineering platforms to revolutionize the way the world views TV excite you? If so Simulmedia may be looking for you. We’re a company using set-top box datasets and information reaching over 110 million homes to make TV advertising relevant again. Simulmedia is looking for an experienced automation-focused engineer to join their Engineering team. Based in the beautiful NoHo area of New York City, we're a technology startup founded by serial entrepreneur Dave Morgan and funded by investors like Union Square Ventures and Avalon Ventures. YOUR ROLE Working in our Engineering team, create automated tests of against the full application stack, including UI, API and ETL components with excellent test coverage. Working from the requirements refining phase, gather the information needed to design thorough test cases with focus on both business and technical risk. Automate those tests using open source frameworks such as Cucumber and Selenium in a languages like Ruby or Python, executing in both local developer environments and on CI. Act as the quality champion on project teams. Over time, work with the Developers to help them test themselves YOUR SKILLS Working proficiency of Ruby,Python or other programming language Strong understanding of test design techniques Knowledge of major open source test frameworks Ability to work closely with developers, product managers and end users Experience of working in a fast paced Agile style environment Knowledge of SQL Bonus skills, where training will be given: Experience of Github or other version control system Experience of executing functional tests through Jenkins or other CI tool Strong UI test automation experience Experience of testing APIs Experience of testing queue based messaging middleware Experience of testing ETLs and Data Warehouses What is Simulmedia? Simulmedia, Inc., a New York based marketing technology company founded in 2009, is the leader in driving guaranteed business outcomes for advertisers through traditional TV marketing. Simulmedia’s VAMOS platform is powered by the world’s largest database of information on what people watch and buy, combined with access to TV inventory that reaches 95% of U.S. TV households. Using its proprietary science and software, Simulmedia reaches specifically-defined audience segments on TV at massive scale, matches consumer purchase data to TV viewing data, and determines the actual sales impact of the advertiser’s TV campaign. The results Simulmedia delivers are guaranteed. Based in the beautiful NoHo area of New York City, we're a start-up founded by serial entrepreneur Dave Morgan and funded by investors Union Square Ventures, Avalon Ventures, Valiant Capital, and Time Warner What do we do? Simulmedia sells TV advertising campaigns that are targeted, measurable, and cost efficient using ad inventory reaching 115 million households and the world’s largest database of TV viewership. Culture Your Simulmedia Experience Simulmedia offers the opportunity to work in a dynamic, innovative, fast paced start-up environment. Every day presents new challenges and opportunities for growth by working with a team of achievers, visionaries and problem solvers. Our culture demands excellence, embraces change and rewards imagination. You can make a difference in the world of television advertising today. While we work "startup hard" we also believe in letting loose via Happy Hours, team activities, and an unlimited vacation policy What do we offer? Competitive salary, medical/dental/vision benefits, unlimited vacation, stock options and a stake in our company's success. For consideration please send your resume with a cover letter to careers@simulmedia.com with the subject line JOB: SOFTWARE ENGINEER- TEST. MUST BE AUTHORIZED TO WORK IN THE U.S. We are an Equal Opportunity Employer. 	Software Engineer in Test	Simulmedia	New York	NY	New York, NY	Simulmedia	Sun, 04 Oct 2015 10:56:56 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=f89c762ff15a1bd9&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2k3UPGH_246CFQoUDXXFiCJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke91ln50pf8ln
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	I'm working with a client that provides software solutions in the IT Security space - vendor risk management &amp; threat monitoring products. They're looking for a full-time MEAN-stack Software Engineer to join their team. In this role you will be directly responsible for helping to design and deliver solutions across the entire software stack to effectively meet customer needs and drive innovation in the third-party risk management space. General Requirements: Developers with 4-5+ years of experience in high complexity N-Tier software applications development using modern programming languages and open source tools and technologies, with deep analytical skills, knowledge of test driven and agile software development concepts, desire to work in distributed, agile, desire to succeed, high performance team, creating complex enterprise level software systems, using modern software development approaches. Responsibilities: RESTful service design and implementation using Node.js and MongoDb UI design and implementation using Angular.js Write manageable, performant and scalable code for data processing and management Analyze and troubleshoot application issues across the entire stack Practice standard development process leveraging agile methodologies Commit to producing high quality results, while meeting deadlines of the software release cycle Be able to work in a team as well as without close supervision Review and analyze business requirements in order to develop sound technical requirements and time estimates Actively use issue tracking, distributed version control and continuous integration systems Successful candidates must have exposure to the following technologies: Node.js using Express.js Angular.js MongoDb using mongoose.js Benefits: Medical/Dental/Vision, Stock-option plan, 401k 4% Match Plan after 3 months, 13 days PTO + holidays Business casual environment For immediate consideration, please send resume to Lex Wolfe - lex.wolfe@rht.com or call the office (732) 634-9211.	MEAN-Stack Software Engineer	Robert Half Technology	Township of Warren	NJ	Township of Warren, NJ	Robert Half Technology	Sat, 24 Oct 2015 02:00:00 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=09e7f645750b3dc1&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2k3UPGH_246CFQoUDXXFiCJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke91ln50pf8ln
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Chameleon Wireless, a new Startup company in downtown Manhattan engaged in residential Wi-Fi routers networking, is seeking software programmers for the development of embedded routers’ and controllers’ software. This role will be part of a team designing, coding &amp; testing of high performance connectivity system. Job Duties &amp; responsibilities: Full time Learn and implement Open Source packages Port into platforms, add functionalities, integrate and test Background &amp; Qualifications: Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science C &amp; C++ languages, object oriented programming, TCP/IP, Linux (preferably Kernel &amp; Drivers skills) Familiarity with s/w development environment tools, multi-process / multi-threaded programming Acquaintance with ARM or MIPS processors Some background in Wi-Fi 802.11 protocol Job Type: Full-time Local candidates only: New York, NY Required education: Bachelor's 	Software Development Engineer	Chameleon Wireless Inc.	New York	NY	New York, NY	Indeed	Fri, 25 Sep 2015 14:18:40 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=f97a79e54e30fcc2&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2k3UPGH_246CFQoUDXXFiCJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke91ln50pf8ln
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Are you an iOS engineer who likes making cool shit with even cooler people? Does the idea of rolling up your sleeves, leaving your ego at the door, and delivering a great product with an agile, cross-functional team get you pumped? Do you jump at the opportunity to create something that is used by millions of people across the globe? Are you up for being challenged to grow as an individual every single day? If you answered “yes” to all of these, we might have just what you’re looking for… What you’ll do: * Work in a smart, cross functional, collaborative and transparent environment * Work with an awesome product and design team * Use cutting edge technologies * Learn new stuff every day * See projects through from start to finish * Work in an iterative development environment * Do rapid prototyping and get products to the market fast * Take initiative and ownership * Mentor and coach your colleagues What we’d like to see: * Deep understanding of modern iOS development * Ability to write clean, readable and performant code * Proven record of releasing at least 2 apps to the store * Excellent problem solving skills and passion for technical challenges * Experience working in cross-functional teams and wearing multiple hats * Comfortable working in an iterative development environment and releasing on a regular basis * Creative thinking * Good communication skills Minimum qualifications: * BA/BS in Computer Science or related technical field or equivalent practical experience. * 3-5 years of relevant work experience. Huge is an equal opportunity employer (EOE). We strongly support diversity in the workforce.	Software Engineer, iOS	Huge	New York	NY	New York, NY	Huge	Fri, 16 Oct 2015 18:50:39 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=9b58f20357b6decd&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2k3UPGH_246CFQoUDXXFiCJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke91ln50pf8ln
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Overview of Role We are seeking a highly motivated, self-starting Software Development Engineer to work on a multi-asset class trading system. Responsibilities include development of order routing, trade matching and processing, real-time market data, API's and protocols as well as analysis of user requirements, documentation, testing, and application support. Technical Skills Strong technical knowledge of C/C++, SQL, TCP/IP programming, inter-process communication and network architectures/protocols (including FIX) * Good technical knowledge of scripting languages (such as PERL, C-Shell, etc). * Experience with Version Control tools (e.g: CVS, Subversion, Git) * Experienced in both UNIX/LINUX and Windows environments * Strong problem detection, troubleshooting skills and analytical abilities * Experience in real-time market data platforms and APIs (RMDS, Tibco, etc) * Configuration management expertise is a plus (i.e. Chef, Puppet) Qualifications &amp; Experience Bachelor’s degree in science and/or engineering * Minimum of 3 years of solid experience in programming and systems analysis * Minimum of 2 years of programming experience in financial industry Principal Responsibilities &amp; Accountabilities Build high-performance, scalable, robust server and desktop applications * Work very closely with development groups, business liaison teams, operations staff, quality assurance teams, IT security group and server administration groups on various activities related to application integration and system enhancements * Participate in application architecture and design review * Participate in development, testing, implementation, and support of various enhancements to the systems, services and technologies * Produce functional application documentation * Provide third level support on application integration issues Competencies Ability to work well with others in a team-based environment * Experience in a fast-paced financial market data environment a plus * Excellent communication skills, both written and oral * High motivation level and attention to detail * Ability to complete projects on time with minimal supervision * Willingness and ability to learn new technologies and tools * Fixed income and/or derivatives market knowledge is a plus Job Type: Full-time Required experience: FIX protocol experience: 2 years 	Software Engineer - Trading Systems (C++/FIX)	Quintrix Solutions, Inc	Jersey City	NJ	Jersey City, NJ	Indeed	Fri, 25 Sep 2015 21:56:00 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=2a659073486aaf24&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2k3UPGH_246CFQoUDXXFiCJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke91ln50pf8ln
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Our direct client, a global company, has a permanent position for SOLR, Lucene, SEO Software Engineer in New York, NY. Client will Sponsor the exceptionally skilled candidate.No Consulting Company please.Must be local to US. Description: - A technically strong hands on expert who can provide thought leadership in the areas of Solr capabilities, including indexing, configuration &amp; optimization for Client’s web properties. - She/he must be able to design, build and support business requirements around SOLR/Lucene search engine and SEO. - The candidate should have a solid understanding of overall search architecture including design and implementation of user interface changes for search solutions using HTML5, JavaScript, and Open Source JavaScript frameworks. - Practical hands on knowledge about Solr: - Knows Schema.xml, solrconfig.xml, dismax, tie parameter, optimization, and optimization. - Strong knowledge of Lucene API, taxonomy and search optimization techniques. Adept at programming in Java and experience with ETLs. - Serves as the subject matter expert (SME) for search optimization across Client’s web and content properties. - Determines and develops architectural approaches and solutions, conducts business reviews, documents current systems and develops recommendations of how to proceed with the applications - Evaluates existing or proposed systems for the business, and devises computer systems and related procedures to solve the business need - Devises or modifies procedures to solve problems considering system(s) capacity and limitations, operation time, and form of desired results- Strong sense of ownership and accountability with a commitment to delivering quality outcomes that balance technical and business goals. Qualifications: - 10+ years of experience in the ecommerce/Content space with a focus on search engines (GSA, SOLR, Lucene, etc - 5+ years Search Engine Optimization experience. - Experience on Demandware based ecommerce Platforms and/or Adobe Experience manager based web CMS platforms. - Knowledge of Google Analytics and Webmaster tools - Experience working with technical SEO tools such as Screaming Frog, SEMRush, and Moz. - Understanding of HTML, CSS, JavaScript - Strong communication skills with the ability to effectively interface with business as well as technical teams. - Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or Engineering Location: New York, NY Type: Permanent Benefits: Full Job Type: Full-time Required experience: as per the job description: 10 years 	A2145A - Software Engineer	Technovision Inc	New York	NY	New York, NY	Indeed	Mon, 02 Nov 2015 15:34:45 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=ced444b18b737b30&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2k3UPGH_246CFQoUDXXFiCJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke91ln50pf8ln
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	SR. SOFTWARE ENGINEER -- $180k -- Ruby, Python, Node.JS SUMMARY: Leading video and image processing firmis looking for top technologists to join our core service team and help drive the future of our SOA platforms. You will be working with highly motivated and extremely talented engineers on backend services with quality, performance and scale in mind at every step of the way. We believe in collaboration and team ownership of deliverables through the full SDLC. RESPONSIBILITIES: Contributing to the full SDLC and across the full stack in a collaborative, fast-paced environment. Helping other engineers grow, through code review, pairing, and mentoring. Setting the vision of the services under the team's ownership. Building high-quality software: this means simple, well-tested systems that gradually grow over time, and that provide plenty of insight into production performance. REQUIREMENTS: Deep understanding and experience working on distributed/high trafficked systems. Ability to craft simple and elegant solutions to complex problems. Solid software development fundamentals (coding and system architecture). Passionate about what you do and care deeply about the things you build. Able to clearly communicate to technical and non-technical audiences. Experience as a Technical Team Lead is a strong plus This is a critical need, so submit your resume today for immediate consideration.	Sr. Software Engineer -- Ruby, Python, Node.js	Gambit Technologies	New York	NY	New York, NY	Gambit Technologies	Tue, 27 Oct 2015 10:04:41 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=1cf32f8df0215811&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2k3UPGH_246CFQoUDXXFiCJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke91ln50pf8ln
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Want to work in some cutting edge technology? Thomson Reuters is looking for an experienced full stack Ruby on Rails engineer to help upgrade and modernize it's People Directory application. Directory is the primary source of people and organization information for our entire community of financial professionals. It uses a combination of MongoDB, Elastic Search, MySQL, Rails, Sass and Angular to present data and search results. We are also expanding our internal API services to function as a scalable platform and not just a web application. If this sounds like fun to you then you should apply to join our team. Eikon Messenger is an enterprise messaging client that has become mission critical for thousands of high-profile finance professionals. Running continuously for weeks, EM must remain fast and responsive while handling thousands of messages, status updates, file shares, notifications and more. You’ll help us seamlessly migrate from older to newer messaging protocols, be in on the ground floor of a complete UI overhaul, plus suggest and build improvements that will make users happy and put your lasting mark on the product. Experience in developing and maintaining Ruby on Rails application. Can comfortably transition from writing Ruby to Javascript while exploiting the strengths of each language Experience in SQL and NoSQL databases. Knowledge of MVC style web application development and best practices. Experience in writing maintainable CSS with experience in Less or Sass. Active participation in project planning sessions with team members to analyze development requirements, provide design options, provide work breakdown and estimates of work. Develops and integrates applications as per written specifications. Translates technical requirements and design documentation into application code and modules. Provides status updates for own scope of work within projects. Writes new software or makes modifications to existing software applications and modules in accordance with written specifications. Develops software using disciplined software development processes, adhering to industry standards and software best practice guidelines. Carries out unit testing, ensuring application meets needs of client and business. We are the leading source of intelligent information for the world's businesses and professionals, providing customers with competitive advantage. Intelligent information is a unique synthesis of human intelligence, industry expertise and innovative technology that provides decision-makers with the knowledge to act, enabling them to make better decisions faster. We deliver this must-have insight to the financial and risk, legal, tax and accounting, intellectual property and science and media markets, powered by the world's most trusted news organization. Qualifications At Thomson Reuters, we believe what we do matters. We are passionate about our work, inspired by the impact it has on our business and our customers. As a team, we believe in winning as one - collaborating to reach shared goals, and developing through challenging and meaningful experiences. With over 60,000 employees in more than 100 countries, we work flexibly across boundaries and realize innovations that help shape industries around the world. Making this happen is a dynamic, evolving process, and we count on each employee to be a catalyst in driving our performance - and their own. As a global business, we rely on diversity of culture and thought to deliver on our goals. To ensure we can do that, we seek talented, qualified employees in all our operations around the world regardless of race, color, sex/gender, including pregnancy, gender identity and expression, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, disability, age, marital status, citizen status, veteran status, or any other protected classification under country or local law. Thomson Reuters is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer providing a drug-free workplace. Intrigued by a challenge as large and fascinating as the world itself? Come join us. To learn more about what we offer, please visit careers.thomsonreuters.com. More information about Thomson Reuters can be found on thomsonreuters.com. Job: Technology Development Family Group Primary Location: United States of America-New York-New York-USA-New York-3 Times Square Organization: F&amp;R UPG Transactions Development Schedule: Full-time Education Level: None Job Type: Standard Shift: Day Job	Senior Software Engineer (Ruby on Rails)	Thomson Reuters	New York	NY	New York, NY	Thomson Reuters	Fri, 30 Oct 2015 10:41:13 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=816880067fe7866d&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2k3UPGH_246CFQoUDXXFiCJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke91ln50pf8ln
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Want to work in some cutting edge technology? Thomson Reuters is looking for an experienced full stack Ruby on Rails engineer to help upgrade and modernize it's People Directory application. Directory is the primary source of people and organization information for our entire community of financial professionals. It uses a combination of MongoDB, Elastic Search, MySQL, Rails, Sass and Angular to present data and search results. We are also expanding our internal API services to function as a scalable platform and not just a web application. If this sounds like fun to you then you should apply to join our team. Eikon Messenger is an enterprise messaging client that has become mission critical for thousands of high-profile finance professionals. Running continuously for weeks, EM must remain fast and responsive while handling thousands of messages, status updates, file shares, notifications and more. You’ll help us seamlessly migrate from older to newer messaging protocols, be in on the ground floor of a complete UI overhaul, plus suggest and build improvements that will make users happy and put your lasting mark on the product. Experience in developing and maintaining Ruby on Rails application. Can comfortably transition from writing Ruby to Javascript while exploiting the strengths of each language Experience in SQL and NoSQL databases. Knowledge of MVC style web application development and best practices. Experience in writing maintainable CSS with experience in Less or Sass. Active participation in project planning sessions with team members to analyze development requirements, provide design options, provide work breakdown and estimates of work. Develops and integrates applications as per written specifications. Translates technical requirements and design documentation into application code and modules. Provides status updates for own scope of work within projects. Writes new software or makes modifications to existing software applications and modules in accordance with written specifications. Develops software using disciplined software development processes, adhering to industry standards and software best practice guidelines. Carries out unit testing, ensuring application meets needs of client and business. We are the leading source of intelligent information for the world's businesses and professionals, providing customers with competitive advantage. Intelligent information is a unique synthesis of human intelligence, industry expertise and innovative technology that provides decision-makers with the knowledge to act, enabling them to make better decisions faster. We deliver this must-have insight to the financial and risk, legal, tax and accounting, intellectual property and science and media markets, powered by the world's most trusted news organization. Qualifications At Thomson Reuters, we believe what we do matters. We are passionate about our work, inspired by the impact it has on our business and our customers. As a team, we believe in winning as one - collaborating to reach shared goals, and developing through challenging and meaningful experiences. With over 60,000 employees in more than 100 countries, we work flexibly across boundaries and realize innovations that help shape industries around the world. Making this happen is a dynamic, evolving process, and we count on each employee to be a catalyst in driving our performance - and their own. As a global business, we rely on diversity of culture and thought to deliver on our goals. To ensure we can do that, we seek talented, qualified employees in all our operations around the world regardless of race, color, sex/gender, including pregnancy, gender identity and expression, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, disability, age, marital status, citizen status, veteran status, or any other protected classification under country or local law. Thomson Reuters is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer providing a drug-free workplace. Intrigued by a challenge as large and fascinating as the world itself? Come join us. To learn more about what we offer, please visit careers.thomsonreuters.com. More information about Thomson Reuters can be found on thomsonreuters.com. Job: Technology Development Family Group Primary Location: United States of America-New York-New York-USA-New York-3 Times Square Organization: F&amp;R UPG Transactions Development Schedule: Full-time Education Level: None Job Type: Standard Shift: Day Job	Senior Software Engineer (Ruby on Rails)	Thomson Reuters	New York	NY	New York, NY	Thomson Reuters	Fri, 30 Oct 2015 10:41:13 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=816880067fe7866d&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1iVroc8Db9KtfQzuCg6-WZJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke964719u52ao
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Job Description VaynerMedia is looking to hire a senior software engineer to join our small internal products team. Our goal is to make the operations of VaynerMedia (a unique, 500+ employee social media agency) as nimble and ground-breaking as possible. As a senior engineer, you’ll work directly with our VP of Engineering &amp; Operations to plan, architect, code, and maintain existing and new features of our custom “Business Resource Management” software. You’ll also take part in discussions with our COO &amp; Operations team to plan and brainstorm future features and solutions. About You * You have 5-10 years of building web-based applications * You understand what it takes to run a product “at scale” * You have strong knowledge in at least one of: Python, Ruby, C#, or Go (preferably multiple) * You have strong knowledge of Javascript and know how to not hate yourself when coding it * You can architect testable code without the need to mock 8 million things when running integration tests * You know when to “just ship it,” and when that’s actually a really bad idea * You’re able to understand what makes a bad UX and you always try to create the best customer experience possible * You’re able to see the long-term vision of a project and not get stuck focusing on just the next milestone * You believe coding is an artform Responsibilities * Your day-to-day will entail crafting test-able, efficient code that’s easily understood by other team members * You will be able to work independently while still meeting milestones * You will help peer-review code to foster a continuous learning environment * You will be able to learn technologies as they mature and/or evaluate them for future architecture decisions * You will help us build a witty, yet charming Slack bot who ponders the tiny mysteries of life when querying data for our Ops team. Why You Should Join Us * You want to ship software with immediate impact (no building for non-existent users) * You want to have an opportunity to create fun, real time data visualizations * You want to help actively shape the vision of our product * You’d be interested in staying aboard if we turn our product into a fully independent SaaS startup * You’ll have the opportunity to immerse yourself in the larger company culture (social events, sports, happy hours, etc), or keep it simple inside our small team. Your call Our Tech * Python 2.7 * Django 1.8 (but only the parts we like, customized but still upgradeable) * Postgres and Redis * Celery (for background jobs and task queues) * A hybrid of Knockout.js and Backbone.js on the client app (Knockout is used to replace Backbone views, because ugh) * Powerful API written with 100% jsonapi.org compliance (using Django Rest Framework with custom-built extensions) * Maybe Polymer now that 1.0 is released About VaynerMedia We're a social-first digital shop that focuses on storytelling across platforms. We use insights gained through micro-content to build creative campaigns that drive actual business results. We’re heavily invested in our internal technology as the engine that drives our innovation and operations.	Senior Software Engineer	VaynerMedia LLC	New York	NY	New York, NY	VaynerMedia LLC	Wed, 30 Sep 2015 20:51:35 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=96d50619107296e1&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1iVroc8Db9KtfQzuCg6-WZJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke964719u52ao
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	- 5+ years PHP - 5+ years MySQL - Design and develop scalable applications - Subversion and Kohana experience a big plus - Fluent in JavaScript, CSS, HTML, JQuery and AJAX technologies - Expertise with apache configuration, load balancing and caching technologies - Internet Protocols (HTTP / HTTPS, SMTP, DNS) - Proven experience in troubleshooting and solving complex problems - Must demonstrate good communications skills - Must be highly motivated, creative and thorough - BS degree in computer science or equivalent experience Perks : - Equity Options - Health Insurance - Appreciation and Respect - Cool office located in the heart of SoHo	Software Engineer	Hotlist	New York	NY	New York, NY	Hotlist	Thu, 24 Sep 2015 08:05:23 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=d2c777e304c1bb69&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1iVroc8Db9KtfQzuCg6-WZJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke964719u52ao
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Ampcus System Engineer/ Software Engineer Ampcus Inc is an 8(a) and ISO 9001:2008,ISO 20000, ISO 27000 and SEI CMMi Level 3 certified global Provider of broad range of consulting Services. From strategy to execution, our disciplined yet flexible approach starts and ends with our clients. By listening hard and working harder, their goals become our goals. Their success is our satisfaction. It’s why our clients sleep well at night. System Engineer/ Software Engineer Job Location: Warren (New Jersey-United States of America) Job Description: Design and code from specifications, analyzes, evaluates, tests, debugs, documents, and implements complex software apps • Uses coding methods in specific programming languages to initiate or enhance program execution and functionality • Participate in the evaluation, recommendation, and selection of hardware and software solutions • Perform project management of estimating, scheduling, and monitoring tasks • Performs expert-level engineering tasks associated with the analysis, design, and development of computer hardware, firmware, embedded systems, and/or operating systems • Develop, maintain, and report intranet metrics • Interface with different departments within the organization regarding new deployments • Manage, administer, and maintain all internet and intranet sites • Research/analyze data processing functions, methods and procedures • Monitor program execution for expected performance Requires a bachelor's degree in area of specialty and at least 8-10 years of experience in the field or in a related area • 8+ years’ experience with IIS. • 8 + years’ Experience in Windows System Administration and Active Directory. • 8+ years front-end integration experience working with development teams on the deployment of web based applications (Java, JEE) • Strong expertise in following technologies: Java, JEE, MQ, REST web services, Spring, Scala, Cassandra Candidate Requirement • 8+ years’ experience with IIS. 8 + years’ Experience in Windows System Administration and Active Directory. • 8+ years front-end integration experience working with development teams on the deployment of web based applications (Java, JEE) • Strong expertise in following technologies: Java, JEE, MQ, REST web services, Spring, Scala, Cassandra. Experience: 6 - 10 years Qualification: Graduate AmpcusShilas Gavit14900 Conference Center Drive Suite 230,Chantilly, Virginia United States of America 20151Phone: 703-349-2184Website: http://www.ampcus.com Click here to Apply 	System Engineer/ Software Engineer	Ampcus	Township of Warren	NJ	Township of Warren, NJ	CareerAge.com	Sat, 31 Oct 2015 06:00:40 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=1612223d7a6053f7&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1iVroc8Db9KtfQzuCg6-WZJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke964719u52ao
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Software Engineer, Site Reliability Flipboard is your online Magazine personalized for you, by you! Our mission is to let people discover and share content in beautiful, simple and meaningful ways. We are a gathering of creative minds, innovating an array of technologies. Here you will immerse yourself in a world where algorithm meets art. Flipboard is looking for a Site Reliability Engineer to help us build the Flipboard production environment. We work exclusively in the cloud, ensuring a highly available and performant product to millions of users daily. If you have a passion for large-scale distributed systems, next generation provisioning and orchestration tools, come check us out. You will be challenged dealing with the growth of a highly trafficked mobile application with concurrency in the millions coupled with services that consume the world of content and social signals constantly. Remote employees welcome! What you'll do Ensure the reliable operation of our large scale services built using open source technologies including MySQL, Hadoop, HBase, ElasticSearch, memcached, Redis, and Haproxy all within Amazon Web Services Build operational automation and developer tools to help us move faster Play a key role in the research, design, and implementation of new technologies for scaling our growing data sets and processing pipelines What you know Strong development skills in a production environment Solid skills in developing, maintaining and improving server software Fluent with advanced shell scripting plus another scripting language such as Python or Ruby Experience with Java and C++ Experience using and automating in a fully Amazon Web Services environment Strong analytical and problem-solving skills in a Linux environment Familiarity with relational databases such as MySQL and distributed data stores Experience with performance tuning and system load monitoring and diagnostics C.S. or Engineering degree or equivalent experience Why Flipboard You will work on a product that millions use and love every day, transforming how people discover and share content. We are a flat organization, which means that we believe great ideas can come from anywhere and anyone. From the beginning we’ve been uncompromising in creating an environment that inspires great work and values the balanced lives of our staff. Our culture will enable you to learn and grow while you are shaping the product and the company. Our CEO Mike McCue is a creative visionary experienced at building innovative products and companies. Our weekly “Mock O’Clock” happy hour is a fun way to demo crazy ideas to the whole company and catch up with coworkers. We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. 	Software Engineer, Site Reliability	Flipboard	New York	NY	New York, NY	Flipboard	Thu, 08 Oct 2015 02:38:05 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=bda75fc7b50a5832&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1iVroc8Db9KtfQzuCg6-WZJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke964719u52ao
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Real Data Management's (RDM) mission is to improve the way commercial real estate companies market, manage and lease their portfolios. We are looking for a sharp, talented developers looking to fill the role as one of our Software Engineer. We seek team members who are passionate about creating quality client work and building a company's brand. As a software engineer you will be part of a highly motivated team responsible for designing, building, testing and deploying our next generation Commercial Real Estate (CRE) platform. We are dev ops focused team and we are big believers in our developers owning the entire SDLC. Our focus is to deliver a cloud ready, mobile first platform that blends our services content with a CRE transactional system. Requirements This is a full-time position. If you'd like to apply for this job, please make sure you experience fits the following requirements: SALARY: $70,000-$80,000 annual starting salary. Skills and Experience 2-3 years’ experience building web application Strong knowledge coding in C# HTML and CSS Experience working with ASP.NET (preferably ASP.NET MVC) Experience working JavaScript frameworks (preferably jQuery or Angular) Familiar with MVC and MVVM design pattern Familiar with working with Visual Studio and Team Foundation in a collaborative environment Experience working with a relational database (preferably SQL) Experience working in Azure is huge plus Education Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or related discipline or equivalent Benefits What RDM provides to employees start-up energy with the stability of a 25+ year old, profitable, successful company a home at one of the best places to work in NYC (Crain's New York winner of "Best Places to Work in NYC" 2012) a team of supportive, incredibly smart co-workers a competitive salary with a generous vacation package 100% employer-covered health insurance premium a matching 401k and profit sharing plan Paid Time Off for volunteer work Bagel Mondays, Happy Hour Thursdays, Lunchtime Yoga and a fully-stocked pantry with snacks, coffee and soda! 	Software Developer Engineer	RDM	New York	NY	New York, NY	RDM	Fri, 25 Sep 2015 02:21:32 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=3001401e572b46db&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1iVroc8Db9KtfQzuCg6-WZJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke964719u52ao
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	You will work on a fairly small, cross-functional team. A typical team will consist of about four developers, a dev manager, a project manager, a product manager, one or two QA engineers, one or two front-end engineers, a business analyst, an infrastructure engineer, a data engineer, and a creative — although things can vary depending on the nature of the work at hand. The team sits together, works as a fairly autonomous unit, and owns the accountability for delivering value. Teams don’t operate in a top-down fashion; if you’re on the team, then you’re on the team, and you’re expected to be freely interacting with everyone else on the team. Projects are run in an Agile fashion, although we do not strictly follow any one flavor. Suffice it to say that you will never have a pile of requirements flung over the wall at you, nor will you in turn fling your work over the wall to another team. While we do practice pairing, it’s not dogmatic. What you’ll often see is someone working through a problem for an hour or so, and then turning to the person next to them and walking them through what they’ve just done. There are times when full-on pairing makes sense, and times when it doesn’t make sense at all, but we leave that up to the developers to decide. We have a strong belief in the value of automated testing, so writing tests, designing for testability, and selecting good testing tools will be something that you’ll spend a significant amount of time thinking about. Most of the work that you’ll do will involve either adding features to one of our commerce sites, or helping to build out the platform on which they’re running. You can expect to be working with a mix of Java and Scala. If you have never worked with Scala, don’t worry, we’re perfectly happy to help you get up to speed. It’s a great language, and we’ve found that people really enjoy working with it. There is also some Clojure in our ecosystem, so you may get the chance to work with that as well. On the Scala side of things, we are heavily leveraging Akka and Play, as well. Skills &amp; Requirements Revision control is mostly done via git, although there’s still a bit of vestigial SVN here and there, at least for the short term. Code works its way into master via GitHub pull requests and peer code reviews. We’ve done a lot of work around automating builds and deployments, and techniques such as feature toggles and dark launches, so that we are not only able to release code frequently, but when we do, it’s a low-ceremony event. You will not be spending long nights on the phone slogging through deployments. Production support will happen, but we have a robust ecosystem, and solid monitoring, and good operational practice, so while you will spend part of your time helping to work through production issues, that time tends to happen during working hours. We also recognize that issues happen. When they do, we work on fixing them, there’s no blame game. You’re encouraged to use whatever tools (editors, IDE’s, etc) you are most comfortable with. You’ll also have a choice of a Mac or a PC for your laptop. We work to keep meetings to a minimum, so that people can focus on getting their work done. Most communication happens by looking up and talking to someone who’s at your table. Work hours are reasonable; we believe that engineers do their best work when they come to a job they like, work hard for eight hours or so, and then go home and relax. People don’t work weekends, and they don’t pull all-nighters — although we do believe that if we can keep you happy enough, and challenged enough, you’ll have some of your best ideas on the evenings and weekends. You’ll be strongly encouraged to spend time developing your professional skills. We have a liberal book budget, and if you can make a good case for why you should go to a conference / take a class, we can generally get you there. More importantly, we try to set aside about 20% of your week for you to be working on things that make you better at what you do. We’re pretty sure that the world in three years is not going to look very much like it does today, so we want to have people who are flexible, adaptable, curious, and constantly learning. You’ll find that you like your co-workers. Our culture works well, and it works because people like and respect each other — up, down, and across the organization. While that kind of culture is infectious, we also work to ensure that the people we add to the team have the kind of personality that will thrive in our environment. About HBC Digital, Saks Fifth Avenue Hudson’s Bay Company is a leading North American Retailer comprised of three of the retail industry’s most iconic brands – Hudson’s Bay, Lord &amp; Taylor and Saks Fifth Avenue including Saks Off5th outlets. The company operates 320 stores, including 179 full-line department stores, 73 outlet stores and 69 home stores in prime retail locations throughout the U.S. and Canada, along with four e-commerce sites. The storied retailer Hudson’s Bay Company which was founded in 1670 recently acquired Saks Fifth Avenue in November 2013, establishing a portfolio of retail banners addressing a broad consumer spectrum across the luxury, mid-tier and outlet retail sectors. HBC Digital is a new division at Hudson’s Bay Company. HBC Digital is responsible for driving the digital retail/ecommerce and digital customer experience across the enterprise including all HBC retail banners. HBC Digital will allow HBC to accelerate the growth of each of our retail banners both online and in-store by leveraging our digital expertise across banners to deliver compelling and effective digital marketing, creative and technology as well as best-in-class shopping experiences. HBC Digital will position our retail banners as leaders in the digital arena now and drive innovation for the future. \	Software Engineer - Java, Scala	HBC Digital, Saks Fifth Avenue	New York	NY	New York, NY	StackOverflow Jobs	Wed, 21 Oct 2015 08:28:04 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=ae0260a84cef2f22&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1iVroc8Db9KtfQzuCg6-WZJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke964719u52ao
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Software Engineer U nique opportunity for a full-time C/C++ Developer to join a team responsible for systems development in a high throughput, low latency trading environment . The Developer will have experience in all phases of software development life-cycle, from requirements gathering, to design, coding, unit testing, debugging and supporting in production. This position requires technical proficiency/problem solving as well as an eager attitude, professionalism and solid communication skills. Qualifications 5+ years’ work experience in a development role Minimum 2-3 years’ hands on experience in C/C++ programming language on Linux Experience with C++ unit testing frameworks like googletest and continuous integration (CI) tools Experience with code analysis and coverage tools like Coverity, Valgrind/Helgrind, gcov/lcov Minimum 2-3 years’ hands on experience on Scripting (Shell, Perl, Python). Strong in one of the scripting language is acceptable Strong understanding of TCP/IP and Multicast network protocols Strong multithreading and performance-oriented programming skills Strong analytical and problem solving skills Strong verbal and written communication skills Ability to work in a highly demanding, fast paced environment and multitask Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or Engineering Desired Experience in an exchange, trading facility or financial services Experience working with production support Experience working in Databases/SQL Experience with agile development processes like Scrum or Kanban Experience with JIRA or similar issues/project tracking tools. Experience with version control system like Perforce, Git, gitflow ===================================================================================== If you’re interested send your resume immediately to jc.brillant@fahrenheitit.com . Also, please provide a paragraph description of your years of experience, technical skills, and a couple of highlights / accomplishments about yourself in 3 rd person. This will help me get to know you a little better and represent you in the best possible fashion. Please see the example below: “Mary has 3 and a half years of relevant technical experience; she spent the majority of this time as a Workstations Technical Analyst where she provided services such as end-user support, ticket documentation, imaging, Active Directory support, PC coordination and set-up, and Blackberry support. She holds a Bachelors degree in Management Information Systems. In her last position, Mary was promoted during the course of her employment to a Data Center Migration Project Coordinator because of her exemplary performance. On more than one occasion Mary was recognized by her previous employer for outstanding customer service and problem solving skills.” Send this back to me ASAP, along with an updated copy of your resume in MS WORD Format and I will follow up with you ASAP!!! Id: 3040825	Software Engineer - C++	Global Employment Solutions	New York	NY	New York, NY	Global Employment Solutions	Tue, 20 Oct 2015 14:01:30 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=83e2e041bac26a77&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1iVroc8Db9KtfQzuCg6-WZJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke964719u52ao
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	RESPONSIBILITIES: Kforce has a client seeking a Junior / Mid Java Software Engineer in New York, New York (NY). This is a great opportunity for someone who has the desire to work with teams that are passionate about lean startup principles, innovation and creating amazing customer experiences. This is a company that is continuously recognized for its world-class products! Responsibilities: Responsible for design, evaluation and implementation of innovative software components for a large scale, fault tolerant and distributed software platform Help the client to implement their next generation audio platform delivering leading edge audio quality to customers using collaboration software as well as the stand-alone audio conferencing service Apply skills and experience in an Agile / Scrum environment, working closely with developers, designers, and product managers Work on cutting edge, cloud based, Software-as-a-Service products for a major player in the software / tech industry Work closely with Architect and Senior Engineers to design and implement a software solution in either Java or C++ (based on background) Work with the Quality Engineering Team to support product validation and deployment to LIVE environment Work with Scrum Master, Product Managers to understand and groom stories based on user requirements REQUIREMENTS: Experience in C++ or Java and one or more scripting languages (e.g., JavaScript, and Python) Experience in UNIX programming Experience in web development (e.g. MVC frameworks, Ajax Frameworks, Java, Spring, Hibernate, HTTP, XML, TCP / IP, JavaScript, and JSP / Servlets) Experience designing and developing APIs and Web Services Knowledge of Object-oriented Programming (OOP); including modular design and development Knowledge of data structures, collections and algorithms and familiarity with Linux based systems Knowledge in networking technologies and multi-threaded programming Knowledge of highly scalable, distributed fault tolerant systems C++ background, knowledge with client-server systems, internet communication protocols and real-time communication protocols (RTP, SIP / SDP, H.323) Understanding of databases, (e.g. NoSQL, SQL, and schema design) Self-starter, quick learner and able to thrive in a culturally and technically diverse team environment 	Junior - Mid Java Software Engineer	Kforce	New York	NY	New York, NY	Kforce	Thu, 22 Oct 2015 15:43:52 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=10a102982a615282&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1iVroc8Db9KtfQzuCg6-WZJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke964719u52ao
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Design and code from specifications, analyzes, evaluates, tests, debugs, documents, and implements complex software apps - Uses coding methods in specific programming languages to initiate or enhance program execution and functionality - Under general direction, devises or modifies procedures to solve complex problems considering computer equipment capacity and limitations, operating time, and form of desired results - Competent to work at the highest technical level of all phases of applications programming activities - Monitor program execution for expected performance - Monitors systems capacity and performance, plans and executes disaster recovery procedures, and provides Tier 2 technical support. - Strong front-end performance tuning experience of web based applications (Java, J2EE, JavaScript, SPRING, HTML, XML, DHTML, WebServices, CSS, AJAX, SOA, EJB) - Strong analytical &amp; troubleshooting skills - Exposure to ATG platform is a plus. - Requires a bachelor's degree in area of specialty and at least 4-8 years of experience in the field or in a related area Skill set Java/J2ee, Angular, ATG Work Experience 5+ Yrs Number of positions 1	Senior Software Systems Engineer	RiVi Consulting Group	Township of Warren	NJ	Township of Warren, NJ	RiVi Consulting Group	Tue, 03 Nov 2015 21:50:13 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=b699b65cdaa23e8a&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1iVroc8Db9KtfQzuCg6-WZJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke964719u52ao
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	This firm has grown every year for decades including through the downturn. They have a relentless focus on software quality and delivering the best product in their space. If you are energized by the pursuit of excellence we should be talking. Compared to trading organizations this firm offers much more stability and professional opportunity as well as clear direction and historical performance. This firm occupies the top space in their vertical and knows they must continue to advance to keep it. They treat software development as the prime driver of the organization. The firm is run by software developers, not suits. You will join a growing team that develops cutting edge distributed, highly parallelized, big data processing, storage and analytic cloud services for the financial industry. Qualifications: - (BS+) in Computer Science/Computer Engineering or comparable experience - 5+ years of experience in development/design the software with C++ or JVM based languages - Experience with building large-scale distributed enterprise or hosted storage systems - Experience working with data distributed across large data storage clusters is desired - Experience in the storage infrastructures such as NFS, HDFS and Cassandra - Excellent problem solving and multi-tasking skills, with a creative and flexible attitude - Desire and ability to share ideas, solid verbal and written communication skills - Experience with Amazon AWS services (specifically S3, EMR, RDS and EC2) is a plus Job Type: Full-time Required experience: C++ or JVM based languages: 5 years Required license or certification: US Citizen/authorized to work in the US Required education: Bachelor's 	Senior Software Engineer for Large-Scale Development Project	Core Search Group	New York	NY	New York, NY	Indeed	Tue, 27 Oct 2015 09:09:24 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=67a9119835e743e6&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1iVroc8Db9KtfQzuCg6-WZJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke964719u52ao
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Responsible for designing and creating reporting dashboards and analytics using Tableau Software. Requires experience in designing, architecting, and development of business intelligence solutions including reporting dashboards and analytical tools. Work experience as a business analyst is preferred. Bachelors degree in computer science or information systems is preferred. Equivalent work-related experience and must have a minimum of 7 years experience – 2-3 years of Tableau and Datawarehousing experience. Experience in SSIS, SSAS and SSRS are required. Experience with geospatial plotting is strongly preferred. Competency in relational database structures, particularly SQL and Oracle PL*SQL Skill set Tableau Work Experience 7+ Yrs Number of positions 1	Senior Software Systems Engineer	RiVi Consulting Group	Basking Ridge	NJ	Basking Ridge, NJ	RiVi Consulting Group	Fri, 23 Oct 2015 20:18:00 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=323bb9ff21da1b56&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1iVroc8Db9KtfQzuCg6-WZJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke964719u52ao
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Job Description Here at LiveLike, our goal is to make the most intuitive VR experience yet. Clean, iteration-friendly, upgradable code is a key part of creating that vision. Together with the design team, you will execute the vision into Unity. Our company aims to reinvent the future of live sports watching and we’re looking for talented developers to help us. This is your chance to pioneer one of the most mass-market applications of VR and to build a skillset valuable for decades to come! We’re excited about you because… You’re excited about VR You believe in social connectivity You are passionate about your work You’re a sports fan You are dedicated to the bigger picture You have VR and/or game design experience Responsibilities Build interfaces and interaction systems for our live streaming front-end Utilize game engine to implement an efficient and intuitive 3D world and experience Build custom client-side media player tools Work with back-end engineers and design team to plan, design and integrate functionality Hiring timeline Looking to bring on-board asap Location Currently in NYC for Techstars 2015 until December – Must be willing to relocate to San Francisco post program (January 2016) Compensation Salary range from $80K to $125K, equity from 0.5% to 2% Qualifications Requirements Proficient in at least one of C#, C++, Java Experience using SDKs and RESTful APIs Strong game development experience (Unity/Unreal preferred) Mobile development experience Strong UX and design sense Strong leadership and team-building skills Additional Information Why you’ll want to work with us Awesome team Access to mindblowing, revolutionary technology, VR apps and demos We love bulgogi team dinners Free lunch! We are proud attendees of Techstars NYC ‘15 *All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines.	Software Engineer	LiveLike	New York	NY	New York, NY	LiveLike	Tue, 29 Sep 2015 03:08:47 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=8a7bc633e3aa90d8&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1iVroc8Db9KtfQzuCg6-WZJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke964719u52ao
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Are you a Lead or Senior Software Engineer with heavy experience in mobile development Are you a Senior Software Engineer with expertise in iOS development and a passion for mentoring or leading others Are you a Senior iOS Software Engineer with an interest in or experience with 3D Printing If so, this Lead Mobile Software Engineer role may just be a fit. This is a recently funded ($6M in Series A) technology company that is completely reinventing their space. Their niche 3D printing technology melds together 3D printing and a simple, everyday need; they are helping to bring 3D printing technology mainstream in a surprising and useful way. From the ease of a mobile phone or tablet, their customers create something extremely unique to them that they'll use on a daily basis. The concept is gaining steam and the results thus far have been extremely lucrative. Now, they are looking for a iOS Team Lead for their Mobile Development group to help inspire, motivate, and empower other software engineers to ship great products.As an iOS team lead, you will have a key role on your team and within the technology organization as you tackle new technical challenges, define core engineering practices, and grow the engineering culture. What You Will Be Doing – You Will: Do hands-on development at least 50% of the time Utilize Objective C along with other development languages Mentor, inspire, and help grow the mobile software engineers on your team Work in an agile environment, utilizing TDD Turn ambiguous product requirements into an MVP and ship code early and often You'll Need: Significant experience in software engineering, specifically with iOS / Objective C Experience mentoring and leading other engineers Strong understanding of Computer Science fundamentals including OO, data structures, and algorithms Experience in multiple technology languages, ability to learn new languages quickly Experience with agile, TDD, and continuous delivery You'll get: Competitive compensation ($120-170k, based on experience) Equity opportunity Opportunity to grow a product team at an early stage growth company Work in one of the most bleeding edge technologies Fully paid health benefits If you're an exceptional Mobile or iOS Software Engineer with an interest in 3D Printing, please apply today!	Lead Mobile Software Engineer – iOS Development – 3D Printing	FILD	New York	NY	New York, NY	FILD	Sat, 31 Oct 2015 08:40:23 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=c20b6e5fac6486ae&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1iVroc8Db9KtfQzuCg6-WZJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke964719u52ao
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Have you taken a broken system or data warehouse and made it good? Have you taken a good data warehouse and made it great? Have you taken a great system and made it purr like a baby ocelot? ZocDoc needs a Principal Data Engineer to drive our elite dev team toward an even brighter future! This role is for an experienced engineer with a tireless devotion to good system design across the entire stack. What you’ll do: Provide guidance on systems design, architecture, and analytics infrastructure to support big data technologies and distributed architectures. Analyze business requirements for database design, and implement changes to databases as necessary – including database design optimization for machine learning Mentor your peers and be a thought leader for the whole team. Partner with our Data Science team on metrics and insight development What’s required: Curiosity: A passion for huge, scalable systems and databases (e.g. you read HighScalability and KDNuggets for fun) Strong understanding of core architectural principles such as modularity, restorability, parallelization and table driven business rules A good understanding of information delivery architecture, including creation of abstraction layers, SQL query paths and optimization, report level calculations, and end user reporting architecture 2+ years of data-specific engineering experience in addition to the 3+ years of general engineering experience Experience with SQL Server and Data Warehousing is a plus Experience designing and implementing fast and efficient data processing using 'big data' processing techniques and tools (e.g. MapReduce) Experience implementing the latest technologies (Hadoop, NoSQL, Vertica, etc.), using scripting skills (Pig, Hive), and with virtualization across platforms like AWS Education: A Computer Science or related degree preferred Focus: Be able to follow a design through implementation and release • Insatiable attention to detail: If something works and you don’t know why, you should be A) alarmed and B) driven to investigate! What you’ll get: A home at a Best Place to Work in NYC (Crain’s, five years running!) Stock options 100% employer-covered health insurance An energetic and fast-paced work environment in the heart of SoHo Free, daily catered lunches An arcade game, Ping Pong, snacks, TF2 parties every Friday… The opportunity to build a better healthcare experience for millions of patients! 	Principal Software Engineer - Data Engineering	ZocDoc	New York	NY	New York, NY	ZocDoc	Thu, 08 Oct 2015 07:16:21 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=fca32096f391a17b&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1iVroc8Db9KtfQzuCg6-WZJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke964719u52ao
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	RESPONSIBILITIES: A Kforce client has an opening in New York, New York (NY) for a Software Engineer to join the team that is implementing a high-performance, highly-scalable Data Management and Analytics platform. This candidate will have the opportunity to apply and hone their skills on cloud computing and use the latest software development technologies and techniques to build the system that will process petabytes of data. Overview: The data and analytics organization at this firm is responsible for managing and analyzing massive amounts of data as well as supporting the whole organization in delivering value from data. They focus on designing, developing and operating a global technology stack with four key layers of Data Marketplace, Data Management, Analytics Workbench and Application Marketplace. These products are hosted on a variety of infrastructure options including but not limited to local servers, public and private clouds and enable a suit of advanced analytics-based products, specific Data collection modules and customized Data transformation packages. Responsibilities: Design and implementation of components throughout the system; including the common ETL infrastructure, specific back-end jobs on top of the infrastructure, and extraction Complete design and break up the work required to achieve specific business goal Mentors and trains junior team members Apply development skills to complete tasks; work will include design, documentation, coding, generation of automated unit tests, integration testing and other work that may be necessary to help the team achieve each goal Diagnose and resolve defects in code REQUIREMENTS: Experience with object oriented development language Strong scripting ability such as Python or Perl Experience working with Apache Hadoop including knowledge on how to create and debug Hadoop jobs Ability to write and run MapReduce code Experience in writing Pig Latin scripts Hands-on experience in HiveQL Familiarity with Presto / Spark Knowledge of the data management eco-system including concepts of data warehousing, ETL, data integration, etc Desirable Skills: .Net experience Relational databases design experience Experience with test-driven development using a unit testing framework such as NUnit Understanding of Shared Nothing architecture and databases AWS experience a plus 	Senior Software Engineer - Hadoop/HiveQl/Pig Latin	Kforce	New York	NY	New York, NY	Kforce	Mon, 02 Nov 2015 17:46:38 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=38576b9c8cf7c577&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1iVroc8Db9KtfQzuCg6-WZJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke964719u52ao
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	JOB TITLE: Software and Wireless Protocols Engineer IV Location: Florham Park, NJ; Tampa, FL; Herndon, VA or Westminster, CO Clearance Requirement: Yes (US Citizenship is a prerequisite) Relocation Assistance: Yes Number of Openings: 1 Travel Requirements: Travel to other LGS Locations or Customer Sites as necessary Description LGS Innovations, a leader in solving the most complex networking and communications challenges, is seeking a Software and Wireless Protocols Engineer IV for one of our offices at Florham Park, NJ; Tampa, FL, Herndon, VA or Westminster, CO. Under limited direction, develop advanced protocol processing and processing algorithms for unique applications. The programs are for applied research and technology in an advanced networking and communication organization that supports U.S. Government DoD, Civilian, and Advanced Programs communities. LGS Innovations solves the most complex networking and communications challenges facing the U.S. Federal Government, state and local governments, foreign governments, and commercial organizations worldwide. LGS delivers groundbreaking research, and advanced networking and communications solutions that provide an information advantage that contributes to the mission and operational success of its customers. LGS Innovations is a U.S.-owned company headquartered in Herndon, Virginia, with offices nationwide. We provide our employees with competitive compensation packages and a full range of benefits, including vacation, medical, dental, life insurance, a 401(k) plan, tuition assistance, and an Employee Assistance Program (EAP). Roles and Responsibilities: â?¢ Apply and perform systems analysis, modeling and simulation of processing systems and demonstrate systems via simulated and/or real data input â?¢ Perform functional analysis, performance analysis and synthesis of protocol implementations (including physical transmission convergence and higher layer) for Radio and Core Access Technologies â?¢ Conceptualize, define, design and prototype complex systems engineering solutions â?¢ May lead a team of engineers to accomplish a similar task â?¢ Work with upper-level engineers to identify need for improvement and work on implementing solutions to meet those needs â?¢ Travel to other LGS Locations or Customer Sites as necessary â?¢ Understand and adhere to all LGS Ethical and Compliance policies â?¢ Proactively ensure a safe work environment and adhere to LGS EHandS policies and procedures â?¢ Perform other duties as required â?¢ Obtain/retain a government security clearance at the level required to perform the duties of the position Qualifications Basic Qualifications: To be considered for this position, you must minimally meet the knowledge, skills, and abilities listed below: â?¢ Bachelorâ??s degree in Computer Science or Electrical Engineering and 6-8 years of experience or an equivalent combination of skills, education and experience. â?¢ Working knowledge of radio access, core network, interface protocol and the call flows over these interfaces â?¢ Experience in 3GPP/IEEE/ANSI/ITU/ETSI Wireless and Trunked mobile radio protocols and survey tools â?¢ Demonstrated ability to rapidly prototype protocols and applications â?¢ Demonstrated knowledge of object oriented architecture, programming and programming methods â?¢ Knowledge of HOL such as C, C++ and associated development frameworks â?¢ Experience with Linux â?¢ Demonstrated ability to leverage open source programs, rapid integration methods, web interfaces and services implementation, XML implementation methods â?¢ Object oriented architecture, programming and programming methods required â?¢ Demonstrated experience or knowledge of software methods â?? from those that are highly formal requiring extensive documentation and reviews to â??extremeâ?? programming techniques â?¢ Excellent communication and interpersonal skills â?¢ Knowledge of Microsoft software applications and other software applications as required â?¢ Active U.S. Government Clearance Required: TS/SCI w/poly Preferred Qualifications: Candidates with these desired skills will be given preferential consideration: â?¢ Masterâ??s degree preferred To apply for this position click-on this link: http://chk.tbe.taleo.net/chk02/ats/careers/requisition.jsp?org=GOVCOLUCENTandcws=1andrid=2229 For a listing of all LGS Innovations open positions, please visit our website at http://www.lgsinnovations.com/careers. LGS Innovations is committed to hiring and retaining a diverse workforce. We are an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, age, religion, sex, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. www.dhs.gov/E-Verify E-VerifyÂ® is a registered trademark of the U.S. Department of Homeland Security. This business uses E-Verify in its hiring practices to achieve a lawful workforce. Top Secret/SCI	Software and Wireless Protocols Engineer IV with Security Clearance	LGS Innovations	Florham Park	NJ	Florham Park, NJ	ClearanceJobs.com	Wed, 14 Oct 2015 21:41:38 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=a1923a747a2ffebb&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1iVroc8Db9KtfQzuCg6-WZJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke964719u52ao
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	We are looking for experienced software engineers to help build innovative Legal Research Products using Machine Learning. The ideal candidate will have strong Object Oriented programming skills, experience with Python, excellent problem solving and design skills, experience with Machine Learning, Statistical Modeling and Natural Language Processing. The candidate should also demonstrate a history of on time delivery, excellent communication, and a positive get-it-done attitude. The team is engineering-focused, participates actively in research collaborations and conferences and releases open source software to push forward the state-of-the-art. Qualifications: BS in Computer Science/Computer Engineering or comparable experience 2+ years of experience with Machine Learning, Statistical Models, and Natural Language Processing Experience with Python Solid understanding of Data Structures, Algorithms &amp; Object-Oriented design concepts Strong analytical and creative problem solving skills Team player with excellent communication skills Publications/Presentations in relevant communities (ICML, NIPS, CVPR, SIGIR, ACM Multimedia) is a strong plus Legal or financial domain expertise is a plus 	Senior Software Engineer - Machine Learning	Connections of New York	New York	NY	New York, NY	Connections of New York	Tue, 27 Oct 2015 12:28:31 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=237353c2aa58d2d5&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1iVroc8Db9KtfQzuCg6-WZJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke964719u52ao
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	ATE (Automated Test Equipment) Software Engineer 6 Months ++ Secret Clearance Required (Or eligibility to obtain one) Wayne, NJ ATE Engineer, to support ATE SW development in Radio / RF Line of Business. Applicant should have a strong background in Electrical Engineering, and possess a demonstrated ability in designing, developing, and deploying complex LabView / CVI and TestStand test applications, such as high performance data acquisition and control, in the presence of multi-threaded, multi-protocol communications. Commercial Instrumentation, as well as Military Radio device, interfaces will be prime applications. Failure mode analysis, timing synchronization, closed loop feedback, and Real-Time control will require high competencies in LabView / CVI / PXI technology. A strong emphasis on team cohesion, as it relates to LabView / CVI / TestStand programming conventions and structure, is required. Ability to generate high quality Validation Sequences, Calibration Sequences, Database Interfaces, and Test Reports, is critical. Required Skills: Interface Bus / Protocol Support: IEEE-488, I2C, SPI, USB, 1553, NTDS, RS-485/422/232, Serial, SNMP, TCP/IP, HTML, Ethernet Hardware Support: Spectrum Analyzers, Network/Signal Analyzers, Signal Generators, RF Power Meters, RF Attenuators/Switches/Couplers, Function/Waveform Generators, Data Acquisition and Control Systems, DMMs, High Voltage P/Ss, Analog I/O, Digital I/O, RF I/O, National Instruments PXI/VXI Software Support: LabView, Test Stand, LabWindows CVI, VB6, C++, VSS, VSS Automation, Word/Excel Automation, SQL, SQL Automation, Ethernet Automation, Visio, AutoCAD. Related Support: Test Method Development, Test Plan/Procedure Development, Data/File Transfer, Distributed I/O, TE Design for Manufacturability, Schematic Interpretation, RF Equipment Specification Review and Selection, RF Communications, Hardware Driver Development, Software Driver Development Local candidates only: Wayne, NJ Required experience: LabView, TestStand, Software Engineer, Test Equipment, RF: 5 years Required education: Bachelor's 	Test Equipment Software Engineer	US Professional Services	Wayne	NJ	Wayne, NJ	Indeed	Wed, 04 Nov 2015 23:40:15 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=5174bbbb53e5c488&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1iVroc8Db9KtfQzuCg6-WZJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke964719u52ao
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Job Description If you are an experienced IIS Software Engineer looking for a position with a leading company, Bartech can help! We are a leading staffing firm and our clients include some of the nation’s biggest companies. Our client has a need for a Analyst – Auditing / Facilities Budget – Capital &amp; Expense. This is a contract position; however it is not uncommon for assignments to transition into permanent positions with our client companies. If you have the background we are looking for, and you are interested in an opportunity to get your foot in the door with leading company, we want to talk with you! IIS Software Engineer Compensation (Hourly Range): $65-$70/hour Sizzle about job: Potential to go direct here after 6-months Your specific duties as a IIS Software Engineer will include: · Design and code from specifications, analyzes, evaluates, tests, debugs, documents, and implements complex software apps · Uses coding methods in specific programming languages to initiate or enhance program execution and functionality · Participate in the evaluation, recommendation, and selection of hardware and software solutions · Perform project management of estimating, scheduling, and monitoring tasks · Performs expert-level engineering tasks associated with the analysis, design, and development of computer hardware, firmware, embedded systems, and/or operating systems · Develop, maintain, and report intranet metrics · Interface with different departments within the organization regarding new deployments · Manage, administer, and maintain all internet and intranet sites · Research/analyze data processing functions, methods and procedures · Monitor program execution for expected performance IIS Software Engineer Job Requirements As a IIS Software Engineer you must represent our company well by being responsible, punctual and motivated to go above and beyond the call of duty. You must also be highly detail-oriented and organized with excellent analytic and problem-solving abilities. It is also important that you display excellent verbal and written communication and interpersonal skills. · Requires a bachelor's degree in area of specialty and at least 8-10 years of experience in the field or in a related area · 8+ years experience with IIS · 8 + years Experience in Windows System Administration and Active Directory · 8+ years front-end integration experience working with development teams on the deployment of web based applications (Java, JEE) · Strong expertise in following technologies: Java, JEE, MQ, REST web services, Spring, Scala, Cassandra IIS Software Engineer Benefits As a IIS Software Engineer with Bartech, you will be working through an established and respected staffing organization with 35 years of serving as a trusted partner to our client companies. We are dedicated to providing our talent with personal, responsive attention, and will assign an employee care representative to answer any questions or concerns that you might have. Depending upon the client, the assignment and your performance, you can find potential opportunities for direct employment. Your hard work and professional dedication will be rewarded with competitive compensation, including benefits. Available benefits for IIS Software Engineer position include (but are not limited to: · Exceptional medical, dental, and vision · 401(k) · Paid time off, including holidays · Life and disability insurance Make the most of your experience! Apply now! Applicant must be eligible to work in the US for immediate opening. Sr. Staff Manufacturing Engineer Keywords: Java, JEE, MQ, REST web services, Spring, Scala, Cassandra 	IIS Software Engineer	Bartech Group	Township of Warren	NJ	Township of Warren, NJ	Bartech Group	Tue, 27 Oct 2015 21:05:29 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=c9632a3e3cc607c6&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1iVroc8Db9KtfQzuCg6-WZJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke964719u52ao
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Prudential is looking for multiple Front End Software Engineers, who have passion for new technologies, understand responsive web development, can prototype rapidly, and turn concepts to life. As a developer, you care about quality of code, understand how to work with several content types, love to learn new technologies, and are ready to adapt on changing design frameworks and design principles. Experience in mobile not needed but preferred. Needless to say, you will have knowledge on how back-end systems work. Details are critical as you iterate on complex interactions and have pride in your work output. You understand browsers and enjoy simplifying that complexity. We are looking for someone who loves a good challenge and can work collaboratively We are building a startup culture in a company that is touching 20 Million+ lives, yet thinks agile. A company where talent drives success and your work touches everyone from a 25 year old to folks over 90 years old living in retirement. We care about web accessibility. We care how we treat our customers. Our employees are passionate about what they do and make it happen. Responsibilities: · Collaborate with product management, marketing, designers, and technology and architecture teams · Work in a rapid pace environment with ability to juggle multiple projects · Enjoy learning about our customers and our businesses · Proven ability to work in an iterative/Agile environment BS degree in Computer Science or related technical field, or equivalent practical experience. 5+ years of front end development experience Experience with incorporating accessibility into prototypes preferred Proficiency in XHTML / HTML5, CSS2, CSS3, Sass, Scss and Bootstrap framerworks Experience with Object Oriented JavaScript and modern JavaScript libraries (e.g., Closure, jQuery, NodeJS, AngularJS) Proficiency in Code editor of choice (Dreamweaver, Sublime, Brackets) Working knowledge of Bower and Grunt Working knowledge of CMS integration ( WCM) preferred Working knowledge of design software (Photoshop, Illustrator, Fireworks) preferred Experience in financial services or B2B2C organizations a huge plus A conceptual thinker who can articulate and execute his/her vision from concept to production A TECHIE that lives for emerging technologies, and is hungry to keep learning An entrepreneurial mindset with the ability to collaborate in a corporate environment Enjoys working hard and appreciates a good laugh 	Front End Software Engineer	Prudential	Newark	NJ	Newark, NJ	Prudential	Thu, 22 Oct 2015 20:01:12 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=66257b05c1f7a56f&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1iVroc8Db9KtfQzuCg6-WZJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke964719u52ao
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	The Clinical Bioinformatics group within the department of Pathology specializes in analyzing next-generation sequencing data to characterize the spectrum of genetic mutations in patient tumors. Analysis of this genomic data is guiding treatment decisions and the enrollment of patients onto clinical trials of novel targeted therapies. The clinical data management system has rapidly grown from 40TB to approximately 1PB with a dozen production servers and over a dozen software systems and pipelines. As a Bioinformatics Software Engineer , you will work in a highly collaborative environment directly impacting patient care. You will be responsible for supporting production-scale analysis of clinical next-generation sequencing data on patient samples, building new and extending existing production systems, providing technical support, and participating in various aspects of the software development life cycle. You will also participate in developing full-stack web applications, RESTful web APIs, for our clinical variants sign out system. Additional responsibilities include but are not limited to: Performs software development and support for the clinical Bioinformatics group. Participates in testing, implementing, designing, and deploying NGS clinical diagnostics pipelines and systems. Develops software systems using a mix of the following: Python, Perl/CGI, JavaScript, Ruby, and PL/SQL. Installs necessary and relevant software. Stays current with new software versions, patches and security. Works to develop visualizations for clinical bioinformatics as well as provides support for clinical bioinformatic databases. Works with clinical bioinformatics to integrate engineered software and various platforms for computational pipeline efficiency. Develops and maintains user interfaces for reporting of output from data pre-processing and data analysis pipelines. Works with UNIX systems administrator to configure new and existing software packages for security, performance and maintainability. Sets up technical evaluation studies for the optimization of database schemas, SQL queries. Participates in building proper production, development, and integration environments and assists in unit/functional, regression, and system testing Develops plug-ins, RESTful APIs, and Web interfaces for the clinical systems. Also, facilitate smooth integration to group-wide systems. Strictly and systematically manages the database schema release management and the software release management. Requirements Bachelor’s Degree with 2-4 years of computer and sequencing data experience. Master’s with 0-2 years experience preferred. Some Next generation sequencing and cancer genetics experience required. Experience with production systems and building data warehouse products and reporting systems is desirable. Experience with full stack web development especially with Flask application framework and MySQL database integration is desirable. Experience with front end data visualizations, especially with D3 library is desirable This position requires cross-disciplinary and strong analytical skills as well as broad experience using computational methods, databases, software and hardware. #LI-GS1	Bioinformatics Software Engineer	Memorial Sloan Kettering	New York	NY	New York, NY	Memorial Sloan Kettering	Mon, 28 Sep 2015 10:38:00 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=05ffd13c2676e4ea&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1iVroc8Db9KtfQzuCg6-WZJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke964719u52ao
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Company Information With offices in Boston, MA, East Brunswick, NJ, and Shanghai, China, Delphi Technology, Inc., is a successful software applications and services vendor with an outstanding customer base and strong growth potential. We’ve been in business since 1989, providing information systems solutions and services to our insurance and risk management industry customers. We offer excellent salaries and comprehensive benefits. Delphi Technology is an equal opportunity employer. We are currently seeking an experienced Senior Software Engineer to join our team. The Senior Software Engineer works within a group of developers. Key responsibilities include design and implementation of system components under supervision of a technical lead. Senior Software Engineer assists in maintenance and upgrades of existing software and provides triage, debugging and code fixes. The Senior Software Engineer could participate in the design and code reviews. If required the Senior Software Engineer could provide training and mentoring of more junior software engineers. The successful candidate will be well qualified in the following areas. Required Qualifications: Bachelor’s Degree in computer science, or a related discipline, and 3 or more years of related full-time experience. Three or more years of full-time experience in J2EE software development (including Java, JSP, Struts, JavaScript, XML,XSLT, HTML, JDBC, JPA technologies as well as related frameworks and design patterns). Three or more years of Oracle PL/SQL experience including SQL and database object creation and maintenance as well as general knowledge of other DBMS systems. Experience with Source Control Systems (Perforce), IDE’s (IDEA, Eclipse) Excellent oral and written communications skills. Other Desired Skills: Insurance industry experience. Experience with large, complex databases (1,000+ tables). SOA and Web Services experience including SOAP and RESTful services WebLogic experience .Net experience HTML5 experience. Required experience: related full-time: 3 years 	Senior Software Engineer	Delphi Technology	East Brunswick	NJ	East Brunswick, NJ	Indeed	Fri, 02 Oct 2015 13:40:06 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=992ed418436e951b&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1iVroc8Db9KtfQzuCg6-WZJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke964719u52ao
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	This hands-on position entails aligning our clients' technology vision with their business strategies as well as involvement in all aspects of project delivery including development, testing, deployment and communicating results. What You'll Do Develop and communicate business/technology/product alignment plans to executive team, staff, partners, customers, and stakeholders Lead design sessions and participate in architecture and code reviews as well as manage the release process Ensure the timeliness and quality of software deliverables Facilitate communication between teams, including status and technical information (architecture, design and implementation objectives) Engage with multiple agile scrum teams to help plan, scope and develop new product capabilities Communicate business/technology/product alignment plans covering design artifacts, code and fixes during the software production cycle to executives, development teams and stakeholders Create processes of direction and controls to ensure objectives are achieved, risks are managed and development resources are performing optimally Ensure unit testing, integration testing and code reviews are completed for functionality, performance and coverage What You Need Experience and track record of building and operating large scale applications Experience in software development process and practices: testing, QA, continuous integration, documentation, technical/function specifications, code reviews Ability to convert business requirements to technical artifacts, with an eye to optimal design, performance, extensibility and scalability Experience with Microsoft and Web Technologies: C# / .NET / SQL Server / Web Applications 	Software Engineer	Fino Consulting	New York	NY	New York, NY	Fino Consulting	Sun, 27 Sep 2015 05:48:36 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=8d072244004cf365&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1iVroc8Db9KtfQzuCg6-WZJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke964719u52ao
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Software Embedded Development Engineer with general knowledge of industry practices and standards as applied to medical device regulations. Seeking a proactive individual with proven ability in design and Development of Embedded software. Required Skills Embedded software experience: Bootloading, I2C, SPI, ARM9 via IAR, TMS32028xx family DSP. Execute the tasks of requirements Development, design, coding and testing following Development processes. Strong problem solving and analytical skills for the Development of well structured, maintainable designs. Strong documentation skills and excellent interpersonal and communication skills are a must. Ability to prioritize and perform multiple tasks in a dynamic environment, as well as being able to work independently within a team structure, required. Programming skills: Strong C \ C++ and .NET skills (particularly with multi-threading and sockets). Design, port and integration of real time operating systems to include task creation and scheduling, inter-process communication, preemptive multitasking algorithms and memory mapping. Previous experience with interrupt-based device drivers or Micrium Ã‚ÂµC/OS-II preferred. Required Experience Education Requirements: BS in Computer Science or Electrical Engineering with 5 years experience in embedded OS a must. Design and development of embedded software with 7 to 10 years work experience required.	Software Engineer - Embedded Development	ZOLL Medical Corporation	West Caldwell	NJ	West Caldwell, NJ	Zoll Medical Corporation	Fri, 09 Oct 2015 06:44:04 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=8123226368890b37&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1iVroc8Db9KtfQzuCg6-WZJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke964719u52ao
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Oscar engineering is building modern software to provide an innovative and unique healthcare experience. Data is at the heart of everything Oscar does.The data engineering team is responsible for the systems that process, store, and serve our data. Our team members have previously worked at some of the world's foremost technology companies (Google, Facebook, Spotify, Tumblr). Now is a great time to join Oscar and a very talented team focused on disrupting health care. We use a lot of Python but value core engineering knowledge. We hire smart Computer Scientists. Sample Projects Build a seamless and scalable data system on top of Mesos, Kafka, HDFS and Hbase. Develop a data processing pipeline that gives us real-time visibility into our members as they interact with the healthcare system. Write the software for our data team to develop algorithms and visualization tools for measuring and predicting health and risk outcomes across our population. Design a medical analytics and claims processing system unlike any other in the history of health care. ------------------- Our Ideal Candidate ------------------- Has experience developing large scale data pipelines from end to end. Comfortable developing tools for both real-time and offline analytic processing. Is naturally fluent at working with messy data and knows what good data integrity standards look like and will advocate for them across our engineering team. Thrives in diverse technical environments. Healthcare technology is fragmented, and we need people who can assemble the pieces and reduce the complexity. Wants to be part of the team that’s re-envisioning how data moves through the healthcare system. Is self-motivated, self-directed, and other self-adjectives. Has a passion for open source projects and a genuine interest in contributing to Presto, Spark or in writing their own comparable open source tools. 	Software Engineer - Data	Oscar	New York	NY	New York, NY	OSCAR	Mon, 05 Oct 2015 05:47:54 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=48b25709ad9029ee&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1aLODbE0eG_VGXnC6UT8hLJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke99eb1a1646s
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	• The successful candidate will be responsible for the design and implementation of quantitative modeling software applications. •He or she will work closely with product managers, quantitative research and development teams to create specifications and develop software. •Responsibilities will include assisting in the maintenance and enhancement of existing asset level credit models and working on the implementation of new models and applications. Qualifications •This position requires a Master's degree in computer science or a related field. •We are looking for exceptional candidates with demonstrated problem solving skills and a track record of outstanding accomplishments. •The candidate must be thorough, detail-oriented, and possess good communication skills. •Proficiency in C++ or C#, experience in production-quality software engineering, and a basic understanding of numerical computing is required. •The candidate should furthermore be familiar with database programming (SQL), user interface design and have working knowledge of XML and distributed computing. •Familiarity with finance and statistics are a definite plus. Department/Team SAV	Software Engineer	Moody's Corporation	New York	NY	New York, NY	Moody's Corporation	Fri, 25 Sep 2015 08:56:16 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=c74bc241b49072f6&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1aLODbE0eG_VGXnC6UT8hLJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke99eb1a1646s
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Who is MasterCard? What role do we play in the modern world? Are we an enabler of purchases or a facilitator for transactions? We play a much larger role in the world by enabling those that have no access to financial systems – every employee has the opportunity to be a part of something bigger and to change lives. We have the technology, people and Brand to serve modern society . Today, we are a global tech company that connects everyone to endless possibilities, priceless possibilities. Job Title Associate Software Engineer, UX/UI Software Engineer, UX/UI Overview MasterCard is seeking talented individuals to join our new Silicon Alley Emerging Payments Technology team in New York City. Located in the Flatiron district of Manhattan, MasterCard is researching and developing the next generation of products and services to enable consumers to securely, efficiently, and intelligently conduct transactions regardless of channel. Whether through traditional retail, mobile, or e-commerce, MasterCard innovation is leading the digital convergence of traditional and emerging payments technologies across a wide variety of new devices and services. Join our team and help shape the future of connected commerce! Responsibilities: The Software Engineer, UX/UI is a hands-on developer specializing in user experience and user interface implementation for both web and mobile browsers. As an experienced Engineer on the Emerging Payments Technology team, you will be responsible for helping design the user experience, implementing the user interface requirements across multiple products and services. You’ll work closely with the team technical lead and with our Product Management team, and other stakeholders. Working within an Agile development methodology, you will collaborate with other engineers and with other technical delivery teams to implement solid, robust solutions for new features and services. In addition you’ll research new frameworks and technologies, assist with prototyping and proof-of-concepts, participate in code reviews, and help ensure a high level of code quality in your work. Skills/Requirements: · Strong communication skills, both verbal and written, with strong relationship, collaborative and organization skills · Experience implementing user interfaces (responsive design and implementation), including design and prototyping experience for web and mobile browsers · HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, JSON/XML, AngularJS · Android and/or iOS mobile browser UI implementation In addition to the above skills, the following experience is highly desirable: · Agile/Scrum methodologies · Photoshop or equivalent tools for image asset creation and manipulation · E-commerce experience · Continuous Delivery and Continuous Integration · Test Driven Development (TDD) · Experience leading/mentoring other developers · Accessibility Education: · Bachelor’s degree in Information Technology, Computer Science, or Management Information Systems or equivalent combination of relevant experience and education Equal Opportunity Employer	Associate Software Engineer, UX/UI	MasterCard	New York	NY	New York, NY	MasterCard	Thu, 08 Oct 2015 00:33:34 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=4d8dc462be796ead&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1aLODbE0eG_VGXnC6UT8hLJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke99eb1a1646s
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	One of the leaders in video solutions is hiring for a Fullstack Python Software Engineer. You will work on a product that is deployed on over 2 million websites and streams billions/month. Company is one of the more recognized and popular video players that has clients such as ESPN, UFC, EA Games etc. As a Fullstack Python Software Engineer, you would be working on a collaborative team that is responsible for designing and developing a large scale analytics system. You would be working with the latest and greatest technologies. Required Skills · Expert-level understanding of Python and JavaScript · Strong relational database skills (MySQL a plus) · Smart, and able to get things done · BS in Computer Science or related field Benefits You would be offered full medical, dental and vision benefits in addition to a base salary. You would be working with many Fortune 500 brand named companies. Keyword Tags Manhattan, NYC, New York, Jersey City, Hoboken, Bronx, Staten Island, Brooklyn, technology, Python, Javascript, Django, Flask, Tornado, MYSQL, Fullstack, Software Engineer, video streaming	Fullstack Python Software Engineer	Jobspring Partners	New York	NY	New York, NY	Jobspring Partners	Tue, 20 Oct 2015 18:02:16 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=978d654b90af8120&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1aLODbE0eG_VGXnC6UT8hLJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke99eb1a1646s
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	We're looking for a back end engineer who will contribute directly to our platform for creators and makers. We're seeking someone who loves building new products and solving problems. The core of our platform is Ruby on Rails and we're interested in finding people with the following skills: Ruby on Rails or similar frameworks Data stores - we use MySQL, Redis, Elasticsearch, DynamoDB, and Redshift Git, testing, and APIs Our engineering team are a friendly, collaborative , and supportive bunch who value personal growth and constructive feedback. We work closely with designers and product managers in small teams to build fun project discovery modes, elegant project management tools, and top-tier payments processing. We use ad-hoc QA clusters to test and demo new features, GitHub pull requests for peer review, and continuous deployment with feature flags for smooth rollouts. You can read more about us on our blog . This position is full-time and on-site at our beautiful office in Greenpoint, Brooklyn. All full-time employees are eligible for our terrific benefits program, which includes stock options, full health/dental/vision coverage, 401k contribution, generous vacation and family leave, and a wide variety of social and cultural events.	Back End Software Engineer	Kickstarter.com	New York	NY	New York, NY	Kickstarter.com	Thu, 01 Oct 2015 09:56:40 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=9ad3f4f6c28d7721&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1aLODbE0eG_VGXnC6UT8hLJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke99eb1a1646s
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	About EnergyWatch EnergyWatch is an established energy consulting firm with a startup mentality. Founded in 2000, EnergyWatch helps our clients minimize energy cost, consumption, and emissions and maximize energy income through utility invoice analytics, energy procurement, utility budgeting and reporting, and real-time consumption analytics. Through our proprietary integrated energy management program, EnergyWatch identifies and analyzes the interactive effects of operational and capital improvements on utility supply and delivery costs measures, verifies, and reports on key performance indicators and summarizes the results for key decision makers. EnergyWatch has existed for the past 15 years as a local (NYC) consulting firm with a great reputation for superior customer service and second to none business ethics. We’ve recently launched our new website designed by a leading web design firm, will be launching our new platform beta version, and opened our new office space designed by the firm responsible for BuzzFeed and Paperless Post's offices, all in an effort to expand our reach nationally, and then internationally. We're looking to bring on talented programmers who will be instrumental in helping EnergyWatch achieve this vision! What you’ll do Work as a key full-stack software engineer of a high performance product development team Work directly with the firm’s Partners and tech team on developing industry leading energy management and analytics platform Who you are Team player Detail oriented Strong analytical, verbal written skills Eager to learn and stay up to date on industry trends Agile software development experience, preferably Scrum Ideal Technical Experience Languages – Java, Javascript, HTML, SASSCSS, SQL Frameworks – Java Play!, Angular, jQuery, Bootstrap Programming Techniques – Experience developing and communicating with RESTful APIs, Object oriented programming, AJAX Databases – Relational databases (specifically PostgreSQL), experience with an ORM (such as Hibernate) Tools – Git, NPM, Grunt, Bower Platforms – UnixLinux and associated shell scripting languages Other – Experience with software design patterns, unit testing, performance memory analysis, and n-tier service-oriented architecture Education – Computer Science degree (or equivalent) EnergyWatch offers Competitive salary 401(k) and company match Paid vacation and holidays Company paid health insurance New open layout office space one block from Penn Station Application Requirements Resume Samples of your work (website, Github, Stack Overflow, etc) Explanation of why you’d be a good fit for our company Send all of the above to hrenergywatch-inc.com mailtohrenergywatch-inc.com Java, Angular, Postgres, Full Stack, jQuery, Agile, Heroku, Git, Javascript, Bootstrap, CSS	Software Engineer (Java)	Energywatch	New York	NY	New York, NY	Dice	Thu, 29 Oct 2015 00:13:52 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=64e30f6e12a5922b&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1aLODbE0eG_VGXnC6UT8hLJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke99eb1a1646s
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Our direct client is looking for a Sr. C++, Linux, network developer for working on trading systems applications. You will have the opportunity to take on major responsibilities and work on all aspects of the software development lifecycle (product specification, design, implementation, functional / unit &amp; performance testing, deployment, and 3rd line support Key Accountabilities: - Work closely with internal business stakeholders and customers to ensure a thorough understanding of requirements. - Design and develop the software used by the FIX Marketplace and related products &amp; services. - This includes gathering &amp; vetting requirements, analysis, design, development, testing, and support. - Help maintain and support the products &amp; services including providing level 3 support across multiple geographies &amp; time zones. - Mentor less experienced team members and lead by example in both technical and non-technical aspects of the job. Essential Skills: - A Bachelor degree is required, preferably in Computer Science, Engineering, or Mathematics - At least 8 years experience in C++ on Linux/Unix- Strong C++ expertise - In depth experience with mutli-threaded programming - Experience programming high performance, high throughput, low latency applications - Performance troubleshooting and tuning experience - Linux/Unix proficiency including shell scripting Important Technical Skills: - FIX application development experience - Hands-on experience with a FIX engine such as Appia, Cameron, TransactTools, etc. - Programming order management, order routing, trading, risk management, or similar financial services applications - Programming order management, order routing, trading, risk management, or similar financial services applications - Middleware application development experience (TibRV, MQ, 29 West LBM, Solace, etc- STL experience - Database application development experience (Oracle, Sybase, MySQL, etc- Core Java experience Optional Technical Skills: - FIX engine development experience - C++- Perl - Boost - Experience with development tools that aid in debugging, locating memory errors, performance analysis, etc. Personal Attributes: - Can communicate effectively with clients and colleagues. - A good team player capable of delivering results in all circumstances. - Quality focused. - Highly flexible (including willingness to work away from home base) Location – New York, NY with some travel Duration – Permanent # of Openings – 2 Please send resume to "jobs @ etechnovision . com" for immediate consideration, with A1835A in subject. Job Type: Full-time Required experience: as per the job description: 10 years 	A1835A - Senior Software Engineer	Technovision Inc	New York	NY	New York, NY	Indeed	Thu, 05 Nov 2015 15:59:02 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=604978687934f35a&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1aLODbE0eG_VGXnC6UT8hLJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke99eb1a1646s
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Summary Drip is looking for a developer who is legit-as-F, with a good product sense to help drive the future of music and culture. We’re a start-up inventing a new kind of fan club. Subscribe to the artists and collectives you love for a members-only experience. You get exclusive access and priority treatment, and the artists actually get paid. But, we’re still figuring it out. That’s where you come in. Sound fun? Keep reading: You’ll be focusing on the Javascript/Ruby parts of our stack, and you’ll be joining a small team of music industry leaders and creative people in a fun, fast-paced, environment. We do two types of work: Exploration, where you’ll need to prototype and experiment Production, where you’ll be delivering straight-up production-ready code Responsibilities Love the good parts of Javascript and wield advanced techniques with ease (and care), but you're aware of its shortcomings as well Have familiarity with/excitement for AngularJS; our application uses this heavily Be strong in most of the following: Ruby, Javascript, PostgreSQL Have written and maintained Ruby applications (preferably with Rails and/or ActiveRecord) in a production environment Have software testing rigour and know the tools (eg. RSpec, Protractor, Karma) Have knowledge of modern web application frameworks, including mobile-first, responsive design, SPAs and third-party APIs Are comfortable prototyping new ideas and exploring new technologies on the forefront of popular culture Have a strong desire to iterate launched features based on users' adoption (or lack thereof) of said features Are fearless about diving into new technologies Have a propensity for solving hard problems Practice intellectual humility Challenge the status quo Required Qualifications Have worked on a product (ideally consumer-facing) for at least two years, and have experience working within an engineering team Have mastered another language that's not Javascript. Ideally dynamic Have experience with basic devops (ie. you're comfortable using something akin to AWS and Linux regarding provisioning/deployment) Care deeply about good user experiences and are a naturally curious person who tries out new products for fun and thinks about them critically Must be able to work in the US of A Desired Qualifications Have experience working collaboratively to capture user assumptions and know how to design experiments/MVPs to test a hypothesis Have experience working in a cross-functional team (ie with designer, product) Have worked on an Agile team Have work that can be found in public repos on Github Know what gumption means and have it/have entrepreneurial spirit Play well with others Enjoy music and have personal creative pursuits/projects About Drip Drip is a new company devoted to creativity. We believe that the creator's process is as interesting as the product itself. Drip is a place to support the creator throughout this arc of creation. Drip started with music and record label communities and has expanded to include nonprofits, visual artists, and more.	Fullstack Software Engineer	Expa	New York	NY	New York, NY	Expa	Fri, 25 Sep 2015 19:53:14 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=687a1d00299e171b&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1aLODbE0eG_VGXnC6UT8hLJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke99eb1a1646s
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	This position is for pcAmerica a recent acquisition of Heartland Payment Systems: About pcAmerica: For over 20 years, businesses have been relying on our retail point of sale and restaurant point of sale systems to streamline daily operations, including customer transactions, inventory tracking, employee labor, and marketing reports. Our point of sale systems are feature rich, yet affordable and designed to meet the evolving needs of your retail store or restaurant. Our lengthy track record as a proven point of sale solutions provider is driven by simplicity of use, uncompromised customer service and continuous product innovation. About Heartland: Heartland Payment Systems is a fast paced environment while considering work/life balance an important aspect of employment. We encourage an entrepreneurial spirit and often promote from within. We typically work with the newest technologies and always looking at ways to give our products a technological advantage over our competitors. HPS is the 5 th largest payment processor in the US and the 9 th largest in the world. Publicly traded (NYSE: HPY) and a Fortune 1000 company; we’ve been named one of ComputerWorld’s 100 Best Places to Work in IT. Apply today and find out what it’s like to work for a leader in the payment technology industry! The Senior Software Engineer at pcAmerica will be part of a team of developers writing software that runs point of sale (POS) systems for retailers and restaurants across the US. Our software integrates with retailer’s payroll, online ordering, reservation systems and mobile apps. The Senior Software Engineer will focus his/her work on our client/server based desktop application which runs on Microsoft technologies such as SQL, C# and .NET. Responsibilities: Participate in the analysis and estimation process to derive system requirements, create user stories, and other functional requirements documents Develop code in accordance with the design using best practices Conduct unit, integration, and performance testing Write documentation to describe installation and operating procedures Assist operations and technical support with customer issues Stay up-to-date on emerging technologies and apply them as needed Participate in post-mortems and create recommendations to eliminate future application errors Participate in code-reviews and mentor more junior developers Qualifications: Our ideal candidate has experience writing code using C# .NET 4.5, building UIs with WPF and WinForms and interacting with a SQL database. We’re looking for someone with strong communication skills, is a self-starter, and has strong problem solving abilities to flush out potential problems. We need a solid programming “generalist” who can work across technology stacks, from “front to back” including: client side UI, server side business logic, database and reporting. Additional experience we’re looking for includes: 5 or more years of software development experience 3 or more years of WPF and web services development Experience writing code for POS systems (not required) Experience with vb.net (not required) Experience with RESTful architectures and API design Experience with integrating applications with 3 rd party services Experience with payment processing (integrating 3rd party payment platforms) Experience with ReactiveUI and Reactive Extensions (Rx) (preferred) Experience with unit and integration testing (MSpec) Experience with automated testing and continuous integration (preferred) Experience with serial communication or other hardware peripherals Experience using source control (Git, SVN, or Mercurial) Benefits: Heartland Payment Systems provides competitive benefits and salary. Heartland Payment Systems is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer. Apply or Share: Apply for this job online Apply Refer Email this job to a friend Email Refer a LinkedIn connection Share on your newsfeed Interested in this opportunity? Socialize this job opportunity to a friend, colleague, or family member:	Senior Software Engineer	Heartland Payment Systems	Pearl River	NY	Pearl River, NY	Heartland Payment Systems	Tue, 13 Oct 2015 14:58:00 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=d18c116112c245c6&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1aLODbE0eG_VGXnC6UT8hLJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke99eb1a1646s
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Hi Professionals, Hope you are doing great!!! My name is Anthony Michael , I am a Sr. recruiting specialist at Deegit Inc. I have a requirement open for EXCHANGE PLATFORM SME position that we are exclusively recruiting for our Direct Client. We are looking to fill this requirement urgently. This is a 6 +Months project with a possible extension depending upon client’s needs, budgets and most importantly your performance. Please send me an updated resume with those required skills included in it. Below is the Job Description for your reference: - EXCHANGE PLATFORM SME Location: WEST ORANGE. New Jersey Duration: 6 +Months Job Description: NYC OR NJ CANDIDATES ONLY - CANDIDATES MUST BE LOCAL OR WITHIN COUMMUTABLE DISTANCE TO JERSEY CITY, NJ AREA EXCHANGE PLATFORM SME IS NEEDED. Engineering –Platform SMEs (Engineer) for FSAM (SP, Windows, Unix, Exchange) Job Summary Subject matter experts for for Sharepoint, windows, unix and Exchange provide guindance on integrating these platforms with strategic solutions for recertification, access request and access provisioning. The Software Development Engineer design, develop and configure standard software based on the platform specific technology to deliver solutions and processes for the business units with the Bank. Responsibilities Designs application components to meet the business requirements and documents the design of UNIX/ Windows/Sharepoint metadata, groups, ACL's. Defines the integration strategy including rationale, integration environment requirements, and determines the product-component integration sequence Assesses and identifies mitigation for risks, including those related to high level design, integration, and data quality Participates in design reviews Contributes to the definition of development and SW standards to implement/reflect DB guidelines (naming conventions, encryption, and security settings) and ensures standards are adhered to Ensures architectural changes (as defined by Architects) are implemented Evaluates new products including prototyping (potentially on behalf of Architects) –recommendation of new products Contributes to problem and root cause analysis Experience Experience with IAM tools. Ability to work effectively under aggressive deadlines and in challenging settings. Must demonstrate strong experience with UNIX designing Analyze Business Requirements, design logical data models and systems functions Coordination and interacting with technical and business groups within the bank. Best Regards, Anthony Michael |Sr-Recruiter Phone (847) 440 2436 Ext. 341 Email Anthony at deegit dot com Local candidates only: West Orange, NJ Required experience: EXCHANGE PLATFORM SME,SP, Windows, Unix, Exchange,IAM: 1 year 	Software Development Engineer	Deegit Inc	West Orange	NJ	West Orange, NJ	Indeed	Tue, 03 Nov 2015 15:25:12 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=f47f22c2c63d598a&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1aLODbE0eG_VGXnC6UT8hLJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke99eb1a1646s
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	As a member of Next Caller’s engineering team, the software engineer brings experience building real products in the real world from the ground up. The software engineer is seen as a programming expert, to whom teammates will go with the most difficult problems. Responsibilities Design and implement new features for the Next Caller API, website, and administrative tools Write well-documented and tested python code Perform load testing to ensure that new designs can scale Work with operations to make sure that software is running optimally in production Address software quality issues as they arise Proactively contribute ideas for new features and identify areas for improvement Requirements 3+ years of industry experience at a large-scale internet service B.S. in computer science (or comparable) Fluency in Python, Java, C++, or similar (Python strongly preferred) Solid foundation in data structures, algorithms and complexity analysis Experience with distributed caching techniques Production experience with relational databases (we use MySQL) Comfortable working in a small, high-growth, and fast paced development environment 	Software Engineer	Next Caller	New York	NY	New York, NY	Next Caller	Sat, 19 Sep 2015 10:09:26 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=77a0558690349efd&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1aLODbE0eG_VGXnC6UT8hLJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke99eb1a1646s
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	This truly engineering opportunity will have you customizing Windows based, C++ software used for industrial automation. This is not your typical New York tech environment building web or trading applications. We’re one of the main players in a niche industry with new products on the drawing board for our customers around the globe. We’re constantly building and innovating multi-threaded Windows software for machine controls, real time data processing, scientific programming image processing and firmware. If you welcome the idea of building real time software for large machines in an industrial lab environment, then continue reading. You’ll join our small, multi-national engineering team that’s very cohesive and constantly supports each other when responsibilities need to be prioritized. They love their work, the flexible work schedule and the 35 hour work week. Basically, we look for experience building real time software. You don’t have to hack the kernel but should be comfortable with tech stacks like Windows API, C++, MFC, embedded or imaging and real time processing. Growth potential is wide open. You can continue engineering and grow into a research fellow or take on technical leadership and project management. If you enjoy interacting directly with customers, we’ll give you a free trip overseas once a year to see our work in action. Along with a conventional resme, send us a quick note on why this type of work interests you and we’ll follow up in confidence to further discuss. Go to http://www.cmp.jobs to see more jobs.	Real Time Systems/Hardware Software Engineer	Capital Markets	Elmsford	NY	Elmsford, NY	CMP.jobs	Fri, 30 Oct 2015 11:28:36 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=ec5293a4a3f3e6dd&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1aLODbE0eG_VGXnC6UT8hLJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke99eb1a1646s
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Job ID: 3117952 Full/Part-Time: Full-time Regular/Temporary: Regular Listed: 2015-08-10 Location: New York, United States of America A Passion to Perform. It’s what drives us. More than a claim, this describes the way we do business. We’re committed to being the best financial services provider in the world, balancing passion with precision to deliver superior solutions for our clients. This is made possible by our people: agile minds, able to see beyond the obvious and act effectively in an ever-changing global business landscape. As you’ll discover, our culture supports this. Diverse, international and shaped by a variety of different perspectives, we’re driven by a shared sense of purpose. At every level agile thinking is nurtured. And at every level agile minds are rewarded with competitive pay, support and opportunities to excel. Group Technology &amp; Operations: Technology Our Technology team pioneers technologies and re-engineers business processes to deliver exceptional levels of innovation and world-class client service. From moving trillions of Euros through a business every day to integrating two organizations after a major acquisition, we face the technological challenges caused by growth, market change and constant competition. With award-winning mobile banking apps and trading systems, our technology platforms help Deutsche Bank deliver best-in-class products to clients. Naturally, we make sure that the phones work, emails are delivered and PCs run - but we also develop innovative collaboration platforms and workspaces that help our people share their knowledge, their expertise and their passion for our business. Developments in technology are changing the way we communicate, work and even think. Join us here, and you’ll constantly be looking ahead. We’ll look to you to capitalize on new technological trends that can reshape our business and deliver value for our clients, whilst still meeting the demands of customers, regulators and the markets. Position Overview Role &amp; Responsibilities: Oracle/Java Software Engineer for the global Equities Transactional Data program. Provide database design and development leadership on existing production databases as well as new initiatives. As an individual contributor, manage project deliverables in a matrix’ed global team of BAs and Developers. As required, take on data business analysis tasks to ensure execution stays on track and business outcomes are met. Ensure production DB applications are monitored and managed. Provide a pragmatic approach to solving for data requirements for the equities business and meet time-to-market critical deliverables. Skills &amp; Qualifications: 4-6 years experience in Financial Services, preferably Equity Trading. Hands on technical expert with Oracle (db design, PL/SQL, packages, performance tuning, process design, etc.). Proficient and hands on in JAVA, J2EE, JMS, JDBC, Spring, design patterns, patterns, shell scripts, Perl. Organized, structured, strong attention to detail with demonstrable ability to break down complex problems into phased deliverables. Ability to communicate effectively with stakeholders and clients. Proficiency in data management areas such as data sourcing, data profiling, data analysis, etc. Ability to build good relationships &amp; partnership models; Ability to manage deliverables of global team. The candidate must be flexible and comfortable in an international environment/matrix organization with diverse senior stakeholders at different levels of the organization. Bachelors in Computer Science or related discipline or unrelated Bachelors with Professional Certification/Masters in IT. At Deutsche Bank, we are proud to be an Equal Opportunity/ Affirmative Action (M/F/D/V) employer.	Java / Oracle Software Engineer AVP	Deutsche Bank	New York	NY	New York, NY	Deutsche Bank	Sun, 27 Sep 2015 02:35:39 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=68ee74b33f334d19&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1aLODbE0eG_VGXnC6UT8hLJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke99eb1a1646s
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	At Olo we develop an online food ordering platform used by many of the country’s largest restaurant chains, reaching millions of consumers. We take pride in a neat codebase with automated tests and continuous integration, and encourage constant refactoring. We encourage new ideas and experimentation. No part of the code base is off limits. Olo is revolutionizing the customer experience at these restaurant chains, and we're looking for talented engineers to join our team and help achieve this vision. As part of the team you will play a significant and visible role in helping us scale one of the most advanced food ordering platforms in the market. While primarily focused on our back-end, the position requires a broad technical background throughout the stack. You'll work with a smart, passionate team dedicated to delivering amazing products using modern tools and technologies such as .NET 4.5, ASP.NET MVC 5, TeamCity, GitHub, and heavy use of OSS. This is a full-time position. Skills &amp; Requirements Requirements Your passion for computing extends beyond work. You have at least 3 years on-the-job development experience at a senior technical level. You instinctively automate anything that has to be done more than once. You can demonstrate excellent knowledge of C#, .NET and object oriented concepts. You are adept at writing unit tests and testable code, and working under distributed version control (preferably Git). You've developed an in-depth understanding of Windows, SQL Server and networking concepts. You are confident in your knowledge of ASP.NET MVC, JavaScript and HTML5/CSS. Your English writing and verbal communication skills are strong. Beneficial B.S . in Computer Science or equivalent education Experience developing for highly available and horizontally scalable platforms Experience with any of: F#, Redis, ElasticSearch, ZeroMQ, CentOS, Amazon Web Services About Olo Olo reaches millions of consumers by powering mobile and online ordering for many of the country’s largest restaurant chains. Mobile ordering and payments is an exciting and active industry full of interesting players and yet still a relatively untapped market ripe for disruption. We’re quite up-front about the technical challenges our business faces. Running a platform with multiple white-labeled front-ends, that maintains real-time connections into thousands of restaurants’ POS systems, and coordinates complex transactions between these and other third parties (such as payment gateways and gift card providers) is not for the faint of heart! Olo is located at 26 Broadway in the historic Standard Oil Building, the former home of John D. Rockefeller, Jr. We offer great benefits such as: 20 days of Paid Time Off, paid health, dental and vision care, stock options, a generous maternity/paternity leave plan, and perks like FitBits, rotating craft beers on tap in our kitchen, and food events featuring our clients' menu items (now you know why we give out FitBits!).	Senior Software Engineer - Full Stack Developer	Olo	New York	NY	New York, NY	StackOverflow Jobs	Tue, 27 Oct 2015 08:37:18 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=7be879a121293ced&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1aLODbE0eG_VGXnC6UT8hLJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke99eb1a1646s
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Our client is a leading government-sponsored bank that provides reliable liquidity to member financial institutions (not individuals) to support housing finance and community investments. They're looking for a qualified JAVA/JEE developer to join their team to work on new and interesting development initiatives. The organization offers fantastic benefits and a generous pension plans on top of a base + bonus. PLEASE NOTE THERE'S NO H1B SPONSORSHIP OR TRANSFER BEING OFFERED FOR THIS OPPORTUNITY AT THIS TIME. Management, Leadership, and Personal Skills Communicates clearly and concisely. Establishes and maintains effective working relationships at all levels. Strong passion for software development. Technical Skills Demonstrated software development programming experience: Highly skilled in Java/JEE development. Highly skilled in JBoss SEAM (or equivalent framework) Proficient in Enterprise Java Beans (EJB3) Proficient with Web Services Proficient in JBoss Application Server Proficient in Hibernate, Java Persistence API (JPA) Proficient with Eclipse Workspace Proficient with CVS (or equivalent source code control) Proficient with Apache ANT Proficient with BRMS/jRules (Drools, or equivalent rules development and management system) Highly skilled in RDBMS database development (packages, stored procedures, triggers). Strong knowledge of the Unix and Windows operating systems. Familiar with project management techniques and one or more Systems Development Life Cycle methodologies. Highly skilled in OLTP systems design &amp; development. Proficient in the design and development of two-tiered client/server applications. Proficient in the design and development of N-tiered applications. Familiar with the design and development of distributed applications. Basic OO analysis and design skills. Proficient in the evaluation, recommendation and implementation of vendor supplied solutions Reporting Relationship: Reports to a Sr. Project Manager/Project Manager/Project Leader, Development Services. Supervisory Scope: Supervisory responsibility for lower level Software Developers may be required at times. Experis is an Equal Opportunity Employer (EOE/AA)	JAVA/JEE Software Engineer	Experis	Jersey City	NJ	Jersey City, NJ	Experis	Mon, 02 Nov 2015 19:28:22 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=44d7c8cd506dafd8&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1aLODbE0eG_VGXnC6UT8hLJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke99eb1a1646s
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Our Software Development team creates powerful trading tools, which facilitate the operation of a high-performance system, deployed in financial marketplaces around the world. The Core development role focuses on the design of our trading system’s core order management protocol, managing internal message processing as well as connectivity to external trading destinations. Requirements Mastery of JAVA or C++ programming. Extensive experience developing in a Linux environment. Experience in distributed and/or highly concurrent systems is a plus. Experience in low-latency systems and/or high transaction environments is a plus. Experience with web technologies is a plus. Experience with databases is a plus. Interest in trading and financial markets. Enjoy working in a fast-paced, dynamic environment. Excellent communication skills are required. Candidates outside banking and finance preferred. Talented graduates will be considered. 	Software Engineer - Core	Virtu Financial	New York	NY	New York, NY	Virtu Financial	Thu, 24 Sep 2015 08:47:39 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=4548f7f459e3c532&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1aLODbE0eG_VGXnC6UT8hLJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke99eb1a1646s
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Sr. Software Engineer RESPONSIBILITIES Migrate social networking product from Oracle backed OLTP DB to a modern, open-sourced database applying best suited technology for each product feature (MySQL or PostgreSQL, Redis, Storm, etc). Rewrite the necessary back-end code to handle the new datastore. Work on defining new schema, mapping to existing dataset and execution of the data migration (with source system and target system fully in production) Experience with queueing methodologies and techniques such as RabbitMQ, eventual consistency databases highly desired. Build robust and scalable software. Help improve code quality. Assist in troubleshooting software application issues. Assist in managing an outsource relationship for 3rd party application development and programming consultants. Produce technical documentation for new and existing applications. Critical Competencies PHP, C, Oracle, MySQL, Redis, queueing, Linux. QUALIFICATIONS 2-7 years of recent hands-on coding and software design. Bachelor’s, master’s, or doctorate degree in a related field, or an intriguing reason for not having one. A track record of projects completed on time. Experience with Linux/Unix and scripting languages like Python, Perl, shell scripting, etc. COMPANY CORE VALUES: COMMUNITY: We embrace the entire iOne community, our audience, our employees and our clients INNOVATION: We consistently strive to innovate and act as trendsetters by creating unique user experiences, original content, products and solutions INTEGRITY: Integrity is the foundation of our business TEAMWORK: We move as ONE team toward the common goal OPENNESS: We understand that openness builds trust internally within our community and externally within our new urban audience. LEADERSHIP: We are all leaders, and we lead as we wish to be led 	Senior Software Engineer	Interactive One	New York	NY	New York, NY	Interactive One	Mon, 21 Sep 2015 05:28:36 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=f3fdf9045f157dce&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1aLODbE0eG_VGXnC6UT8hLJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke99eb1a1646s
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Be heard, have influence and do work that is constantly challenging. Being a developer at EcoSys means that you’re part of a collaborative team focused on a product that is actively changing, not just supporting and maintaining an existing product. You’ll work alongside of our owners and newbies alike on cutting edge enterprise software that’s pushing the envelope in the areas of enterprise-level data volumes, user configurability, and flexibility. We’re looking for a seasoned Java server-side developer with a wealth of experience designing, developing and perfecting server-side systems that are able to process complex business rules, multi-layered transactions and scale to thousands of users. As a Java expert you will be designing and building complex object-oriented systems. You must have a firm handle on how to solve real-world business needs with elegant, reusable and efficient Java code/architecture. Only veteran software developers with demonstrated full-lifecycle delivery experience will be considered, meaning you need to possess a strong foundation in the science and discipline of structured programming. Skills &amp; Requirements Experience developing against relational databases and working with SQL JSP, JavaScript and AJAX experience Experience optimizing Java code in terms of memory usage and performance/speed Experience in the delivery of commercial grade / enterprise class software Passionate about Test Driven Development Experience working in a Continuous Integration environment Highly knowledgeable in JEE as well as software design patterns Domain knowledge in project financial accounting (spending forecasts, project and fiscal budgeting, and cost capitalization) a plus. About EcoSys EcoSys is the global standard for enterprise Project Controls software. Our web-based platform, EcoSys EPC, helps organizations worldwide plan and manage project portfolios, control project costs, and improve project performance. Our customers execute some of the world’s largest projects in industries spanning energy &amp; utilities, engineering &amp; construction, transportation, government and government contracting, and information technology. EcoSys is growing rapidly and has built a dedicated team of talented and creative professionals who are serious about delivering world-class products and services. The culture is tech-heavy, the product sophisticated, and the problems solved for our customer base are significant. If you want to be part of an exciting environment surrounded by other smart people engaged in high-quality work, we invite you to apply to join our team.	Senior Java Software Engineer	EcoSys	New York	NY	New York, NY	StackOverflow Jobs	Sun, 08 Nov 2015 10:13:39 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=b4f5f8581250ee37&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1aLODbE0eG_VGXnC6UT8hLJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke99eb1a1646s
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	DESCRIPTION Designs, develops, operates and maintains software and firmware components and computing systems software; ensures components and software meet with engineering, scientific and manufacturing requirements. Applies the appropriate standards, processes, procedures and tools throughout the system development life cycle to support the generation of engineering applications and products, such as: laboratory simulation systems, aircraft flight control and display systems, mechanical and electrical systems. Interfaces with customers, suppliers, application users and other technical and support personnel. DISCRETION/LATITUDE Works under only general direction. Independently determines and develops approach to solutions. Work is reviewed upon completion for adequacy in meeting objectives. KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS, &amp; ABILITIES Complete understanding and wide application of technical principles, theories, and concepts in the field. General knowledge of other related disciplines. PROBLEM SOLVING Provides technical solutions to a wide range of difficult problems. Solutions are imaginative, thorough, practicable, and consistent with organization objectives. IMPACT Contributes to the completion of specific programs and projects. Failure to obtain results and/or erroneous decisions or recommendations would typically result in serious program delays and considerable expenditure of resources. LIASION Frequent inter-organizational and outside customer contacts. Represents the organization in providing solutions to technical issues associated with specific projects. 5-8+ years with BS in designated Engineering or related field. The engineer must have a bachelor degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering or Electrical Engineering. Strong Ada background ( &gt; 5+ years’ experience) Capable of working on both high and low level software Self-starter is a MUST – capable of digging in with little direction/oversight	Embedded Software Engineer III	Exelis	Clifton	NJ	Clifton, NJ	Exelis	Tue, 03 Nov 2015 15:17:55 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=138163166128490c&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1aLODbE0eG_VGXnC6UT8hLJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke99eb1a1646s
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Senior Software Engineer, New York, NY Design and implement computer algorithms; analyze computer software problems by conducting technical and logical analyses; apply theoretical expertise and innovation to create new technologies; develop mathematical models for computation and implementation of computer models and programs; lead development of APIs; design, implement, and deliver proprietary technology platforms and products; develop and modify software and utility programs; perform software coding; develop applications toward completion and deployment of IT projects; implement new software architecture features and functionalities; expand and optimize mobile applications; develop user workflows; develop high-level wireframe layouts; produce image assets and icons; manage design of schema; conduct configuration web services and security; develop services to integrate software and mobile applications; perform tuning and load testing; use Java, JAVA Script, SQL, and ObjectC. Master of Science in Computer Science, Computer Engineering or related field plus 6 months experience in job offered . Fax resume to HR Manager, GrubHub, 646-514-1812 .	Senior Software Engineer	GrubHub	New York	NY	New York, NY	GrubHub	Sat, 26 Sep 2015 05:53:00 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=6b2b071c628bbb6d&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1aLODbE0eG_VGXnC6UT8hLJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke99eb1a1646s
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	We're looking for developers who love to get stuff done, but also understand code quality, large scale, and the tradeoffs that come with each choice they make. Things like good coding style, a continuous build, tests are part of the process early on. We're very passionate about great engineering and about striking the right balance between speed, maintainability and scalability. Our current stack is Go, PostgreSQL, AngularJS and iOS and we picked them thoughtfully because they are the right tools that will help us move fast and build high quality products. RESPONSIBILITIES: Take ownership over vertical parts of our products, spanning from the consumer all the way to the backend. Evaluate various APIs, tools, frameworks, and make informed educated decisions about using them or developing something in house. Ship great code and take responsibility when things break. REQUIREMENTS: A degree in engineering, CS, Physics, Math - and a strong track record of interesting projects. Feel comfortable switching languages and learning new ones. Go is a young language and we don't expect you to be proficient in it, but you will have to pick it up. Experience writing software for a startup or large tech company. Experience on products that served millions of users is a plus. Ability to go from ObjectiveC to sysadmin at a moment's notice - all to get a project shipped. ABOUT SPRING &amp; OUR TEAM: Spring was founded with one simple vision: to create the best mobile shopping experience. Members of our team have helped change the world through their previous work building products used and loved by hundreds of millions of people at tech companies like Google and Medium and brands such as DVF, Bergdorf Goodman and Marc Jacobs, just to name a few. Now we’re working together to re-imagine mobile commerce. Our office is a unique hybrid of engineers and our brand team. Though our backgrounds in development and fashion may seem an odd pairing, we're actually a tight knit bunch! You'll find us cranking, guzzling cold brew and/or having late night dinners in our awesome office in the heart of SoHo. Our engineering team, more specifically, is creating a high performance infrastructure, and we chose a high performing language, Go, upon which to build it. We're mostly generalists who work on all components of our stack, often switching from one product to another. We're collaborative; it's important to us that our dev environment be one where you can get very good at what you do very quickly, and where you have both responsibility and support. We provide our employees with a happy, productive workplace, and we're constantly improving! We keep a stocked fridge, bring in breakfast 3 times a week, lunch on Tuesdays and Thursdays. We love karaoke, our kickball team, and our office pup, Gizmo. Our employees enjoy full benefits, unlimited vacation time, a competitive salary, stock options and the opportunity to work with truly excellent people on an product that'll impact millions.	Senior Software Engineer	SPRING	New York	NY	New York, NY	SPRING	Mon, 26 Oct 2015 20:35:00 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=0a05c73a742d5d57&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1aLODbE0eG_VGXnC6UT8hLJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke99eb1a1646s
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Location: New York, NY Seeking for a data engineer who will be responsible for the implementation/deployment of an industry leading platform to bring together all data related to trading activities of Wells Fargo Securities, and to meet various analytics and reporting requirements. The individual in this role will provide technical consultation and support in the development of computer applications and programs. Analyzes business requirements, designs and writes technical specifications to design or redesign computer solutions. Develops original and/or complex code or provides coding guidance to less experienced staff. Leads and/or performs modeling, simulations and analysis efforts. Verifies program logic by overseeing the preparation of test data, testing and debugging of programs. Participates in overall systems testing. Leads the migration of applications to production. Develops new documentation, participates in the development of department technical procedures and designs user guides. As an escalation point for application support and troubleshooting, provides guidance and direction to less experienced staff in resolution of escalated issues and/or complex production, application or system problems. Leads projects, including assignment of tasks, and provides direction and guidance to less experienced staff. Assures quality, security and compliance requirements are met for supported area and oversees updating and testing of the business continuation plan. Basic Qualifications 10+ years application development and implementation experience. Minimum Qualifications - 10 years IT experience in implementing large scale distributed systems for data processing, persistence, transport, transformation, warehousing, reporting - At least 7 year of hands on experience in Java programming - At least 1 year of hands on experience implementing Hadoop or NoSQL technology - Hands 0n experience in real time messaging and parallel processing - Expertise in Java, Real Time messaging, Linux - Strong analytical, communication and interpersonal skills www.willardpowell.com	Java / Hadoop Software Engineer	Willard Powell	New York	NY	New York, NY	Willard Powell	Thu, 22 Oct 2015 15:46:11 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=25e9fa139e057891&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1aLODbE0eG_VGXnC6UT8hLJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke99eb1a1646s
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Are you a Senior Software Engineer who is a strong engineer who is experienced in C# and Angular Are you looking to design, develop and implement business process improvements through the use of software If you’re a Senior Software Engineer with strong C# programming skills and wanting to help build technology that incorporates automation, data feed and end user workflow, then read on! Located in SoHo, this company is a global leader in providing credit ratings across many industries around the world. Through their detailed reports, industry studies and group assessments, they are able to provide investors with the knowledge needed to make key decisions. They are looking for a Senior Software Engineer that has a strong background in C# and looking to use Angular to improve process efficiency and accuracy. WHAT YOU WILL BE DOING: Participating in the development life cycle for a number of small to mid-sized software projects Utilizing C# to develop the best technical design and approach for new software systems Analyzing the needs of the business and working to help improve their efficiency WHAT YOU NEED: Strong experience as a Software Engineer Experience coding in C# Experience with front end technologies such as JavaScript, HTML, CSS, jQuery and/or Angular Excellent coding and design skills Experience with SQL server a plus WHAT YOU GET: Competitive Comp package 401K (vests immediately!) A chance to rebuild a global company’s system So, if you’re a Senior Software Engineer looking to use your C# skills to deliver rock solid tools to end users, apply now!	Senior Software Engineer - C# - Angular	FILD	New York	NY	New York, NY	FILD	Mon, 02 Nov 2015 09:46:30 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=70874c503d29ed5e&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1aLODbE0eG_VGXnC6UT8hLJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke99eb1a1646s
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Persistent Systems is a growing business that develops Mobile Ad hoc Networking (MANET) wireless radio systems for US Government and commercial applications. The radios are typically worn on the person, mounted to manned vehicles, integrated into autonomous unmanned vehicles, or installed at fixed sites. The systems provide on-the-move data, voice, video, and situational awareness capability. Located in the heart of New York City, Persistent Systems is an exciting company that is passionate about delivering cutting edge products. Responsibilities The Software Test Engineer will be responsible for software testing for our Wave Relay products. This includes providing special analysis required for initial software testing, quality assurance, and regression testing. The Software Test Engineer will be responsible for ensuring that our products meet customer and management requirements, as well as Persistent Systems039 quality standards. Qualifications Job Qualifications Experience MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS Bachelors Degree inComputer Science or a related field or equivalent experience 3+ years of experience in functional automated testing 3+ years of experience in software development using CC++, Java, VB, ASP, PHP, Pearl, Python, Shell Script or similar programming languages Experience participating in software test requirements Experience with process improvement, including driving and enhancing data and process quality Experience building software test plans including regression, fuctional, performance, and stress testing Experience generating procedure, test plans, and test result reports Experience writing scripts to automate tests Experience with building test platforms, fixed and variable, in order to facilitate repeatable, efficient software test life Knowledgeof wireless communication and networking systems PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS Database experience including proficiency at writing and executing SQL database queries ISO90012008 quality system experience C, C++, Java, VB, ASP, PHP, Pearl, Python, shell scripting, functional testing, regression testing, automated testing, wireless, networking, SQL	Software Test Engineer	Persistent Systems	New York	NY	New York, NY	Dice	Sat, 31 Oct 2015 00:06:48 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=e25f536023566e0d&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1aLODbE0eG_VGXnC6UT8hLJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke99eb1a1646s
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	At Capital One, we march to a different beat! While we may be a top-10 bank by deposits, we operate and innovate with the vigor of a start-up. With thousands of employees, we never lose anyone in the shuffle, but celebrate individuals with respect and exceptional benefits. And we don’t just fill positions, but recruit the best and the brightest people that know how to set industry trends and wow consumers. We’re recruiting talented thinkers and software engineers who can envision next-generation mobile innovations that will deliver a rich, engaging, and unmatched customer experience. Do you have an unstoppable drive and desire to automate everything? Capital One is actively seeking highly creative and intellectually curious Devops Engineers who are passionate about automation to join our team! This is an opportunity to display knowledge of your craft by having a hand in building large scale reliable applications to impact the way that Capital One does business. You will participate in detailed technical design, development and implementation of applications using existing and emerging technology platforms. Working within an Agile environment, you will actively participate in story planning and detailed daily standups, while providing input for architectural design decisions, and automating infrastructure, builds, and tests to meet story acceptance criteria. You will have the opportunity to continuously develop technical knowledge and skills on multiple platforms, and educate team members on the capabilities and constraints of technologies. You will be an integral part in advancing the culture of technical excellence within Capital One, and creating experiences to delight millions of customers! Responsibilities: - Responsible for the day to day operation of Capital One's systems and infrastructure that powers our commercial application (i.e. ensuring system availability, performance, capacity, and continuity through proper response to incidents, events and problems) - Build, deploy and monitor software projects continuously with CI Tools like Hudson/uDeploy or similar- Create and maintain build scripts for Java/.Net applications with tools like Maven, Gradle, Gulp, NuGet or similar- Create and maintain deployment scripts of Java/J2EE/.Net Applications to any Application Server- Configure and administer git source code repositories- Create and maintain infrastructure as code using Chef, Puppet, CloudFormations, or similar- Pilot and implement new and emerging CI/CD/DevOps technologiesQualificationsBasic Qualifications: - Bachelor's degree or military experience - At least 3 years of experience providing enterprise based system administration in a Linux Windows environment - At least 1 year of experience with Git or at least 1 year of experience with SVN - At least 1 year of experience working with Continuous Integration tools - At least 1 year of experience working with Continuous Deployment tools - At least 1 year of experience configuring and deploying applications using AWS cloud automation, OpenStack, Docker and Stackato technologies Preferred Qualifications: - Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, or Engineering or Information Technology - 3 years of experience programing with JavaScript, or 3 years of experience with Ruby, or 3 years of experience with Python, or 3 years of experience with Powershell, or 3 years of experience with Perl - 3 years of experience in software development in Java, or 3 years of experience in software development in .Net - 3 years of experience with Hudson, or 3 years of experience with NuGet, or 3 year of experience with Jenkins, or 3 years of experience with Ansible, or 3 years of experience with Salt, or 3 years of experience with Puppet, or 3 years of experience with Chef - 3 years of experience with AWS, or 3 years of experience with OpenStack, or 3 years of experience with Docker, or 3 years of experience with Stackato Capital One will consider sponsoring a new qualified applicant for employment authorization for this position.No agencies please. Capital One is an equal opportunity employer committed to diversity in the workplace. Capital One promotes a drug-free workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to gender, race, color, age, national origin, religion, disability, genetic information, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity/assignment, citizenship, pregnancy or maternity, protected veteran status, or any other status protected by applicable national, federal, state or local law. Capital One will consider for employment qualified applicants with a criminal history in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable laws regarding criminal background inquiries, including, to the extent applicable, Article 23-A of the New York Correction Law; San Francisco, California Police Code Article 49, Sections 4901-4920; Newark, New Jersey Ordinance 12-1630; and other applicable federal, state, and local laws and regulations regarding criminal background inquiries. JobTechnologyPrimary LocationUnited States-New York-New York-NYC 299 Park Avenue (22957)ScheduleFull-timeTravelYes, 10 % of the TimeJob PostingUnposting Date	Software Engineer, DevOps	Capital One	New York	NY	New York, NY	Capital One	Thu, 24 Sep 2015 12:32:15 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=2c6373d551321986&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1aLODbE0eG_VGXnC6UT8hLJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke99eb1a1646s
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Responsibilities: Oracle/Java Software Engineer for the Equities Data program. Provide database design and development leadership on existing production databases as well as new initiatives. As an individual contributor, manage project deliverables in a matrix’ed global team of BAs and Developers. As required, take on data business analysis tasks to ensure execution stays on track and business outcomes are met. Ensure production applications are monitored and managed. Provide a pragmatic approach to solving for data requirements for the equities business and meet time-to-market critical deliverables. Skills &amp; Qualifications : 7-10 years experience in Financial Services, preferably Equity Trading. Hands on technical expert with Oracle (db design, PL/SQL, packages, performance tuning, process design, etc.). Proficient and hands on in JAVA, J2EE, JMS, JDBC, Spring, design patterns, patterns, shell scripts, Perl. Organized, structured, strong attention to detail with demonstrable ability to break down complex problems into phased deliverables. Ability to communicate effectively with stakeholders and clients. Proficiency in data management areas such as data sourcing, data profiling, data analysis, etc. Ability to build good relationships &amp; partnership models; Ability to manage deliverables of global team. The candidate must be flexible and comfortable in an international environment/matrix organization with diverse senior stakeholders at different levels of the organization. Education/Certification: Bachelors in Computer Science or related discipline or unrelated Bachelors with Professional Certification/Masters in IT. 	Java/Oracle Software Engineer	Open Systems Technologies, Inc.	New York	NY	New York, NY	Open Systems Technologies, Inc.	Tue, 20 Oct 2015 10:14:21 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=bc9b1362d64a7a54&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2E1OUzNb2p71wqhT2Y6I12JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke9da419tp5m2
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Type: Full Time Min. Experience: Experienced Who we are: We are Dataminr, the leading real-time information discovery company. Our ability to find and deliver information faster than any other source has completely revolutionized the information discovery space! Our ascent to being the most exciting company in New York City and the “super tool of journalists and hedge funds” has led to numerous accolades and achievements. We’ve been named #13 on CNBC’s Disruptor 50 list, added to the AlwaysOn Global 250 Top Private Companies list and received an invitation to speak at the World Economic Forum. Headquartered in New York City and nearing 200 employees, Dataminr provides a challenging and dynamic environment where everyone feels that they have the freedom to be innovative, impactful and influential. We’ve crafted a culture that promotes team interaction, work-life balance and the sharing of information and ideas because it empowers us to do our best work and have fun. If you want to be a part of the most interesting and exciting high-growth tech company in New York, please keep reading! Who you are: You are a dedicated software engineer interested in helping us sort, analyze and deliver relevant information from terabytes of unstructured data in the social media space. You are interested in strong abstractions that allow for fast iteration, easy integration and short development cycles, allowing us to constantly learn from our data and empowering our clients to apply these insights toward product enhancements. Desired Skills &amp; Experience: B.S/M.S./Ph.D. in Computer Science or related fields 5+ years experience building and managing large scale distributed software systems Extensive experience in Java or C++ and experience with scripting languages Excellent knowledge of data structures, algorithms and design patterns Ability to solve open-ended problems in an elegant, scalable manner Experience with Amazon Web Services, distributed caches and NoSQL databases a big plus Excellent verbal and written communication skills Self-motivation and an ability to handle multiple competing priorities in a fast-paced environment Ability to work both independently and collaboratively within a team Our offering of competitive benefits and perks include: Company paid benefits for employees and their dependents, such as medical, dental, vision, disability and life Flexible spending account to be used for out-of-pocket medical, transit, parking and dependent care expenses 401(k) savings plan Very generous leave Daily catered meals A kitchen fully stocked with snacks and beverages …and this is just to name a few! Dataminr is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. Individuals seeking employment at Dataminr are considered without regards to race, sex, color, creed, religion, national origin, age, disability, genetics, marital status, pregnancy, unemployment status, sexual orientation, citizenship status or veteran status.	Senior Software Engineer - Platform	Dataminr	New York	NY	New York, NY	Dataminr	Sat, 10 Oct 2015 05:50:09 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=f10a1288a004ea17&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2E1OUzNb2p71wqhT2Y6I12JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke9da419tp5m2
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Our client, a market leader and technology innovator, is seeking talented professionals to deliver cutting edge solutions to their customers. Well-respected, with a global presence, our client consistently offers a powerful and robust portfolio of products, services and solutions that help customers successfully execute their missions in todayâ??s dynamic environment. With unsurpassed engineering, using an open systems approach, our client solves the nationâ??s most complex challenges while foreseeing future needs. Software Engineer Florham, NJ 2015-2414 Responsibilities: Software Engineers conduct or participate in the research, design and development of systems software, software applications and/or tools for new programs and subprograms. Responsibilities also include enhancements, modifications and corrections to existing software. In addition, these employees are responsible for coding, testing, integrating and documenting software solutions. The candidate should have some knowledge or familiarity with at least three (3) of the following: â?¢ Programming Languages o C Programming Language o C++ Programming Language o Python â?¢ Object-Oriented Programming â?¢ Network Programming o TCP, UDP, IP, Ethernet, etc. o Sockets â?¢ GUI Programming â?¢ Software Development Lifecycle o Agile o Scrum o Software Requirements Analysis o Design o Code o Test â?¢ Operating Systems o Windows o Linux â?¢ System Command and Control â?¢ Telecom o SONET, PDH, TL1, etc. â?¢ Device Drivers and Device Integration Qualifications: Must be able to obtain a TS/SCI Clearance. Because this is a Government Contract, you must be a U.S. Citizen for consideration. Preferred Experience Includes: â?¢ Qt Programming Environment â?¢ Event-Driven Programming â?¢ Real-Time Programming â?¢ Embedded Systems Programming â?¢ Multi-Threaded Programming â?¢ FPGA-Related Programming â?¢ Hardware Interfaces o RS-232, USB, Ethernet, etc... â?¢ Embedded Computers o ATCA, cPCI, AMC, etc... â?¢ IDEs o Eclipse o Qt o NetBeans o Microsoft Visual Studio â?¢ Source Code Control o Git o Subversion o ClearCase â?¢ Database Programming o MySQL â?¢ Optics Domain Experience Candidates must show a passion for innovation, a sophisticated understanding of software systems and applications, and the ability to effectively manage, grow and evolve General Dynamics Mission Systems' software solutions. Education and Experience: Bachelor's degree in Software Engineering, Computer Science, or a equivalent field and zero to two years of related experience. Candidates with a master's degree also qualify. Top Secret/SCI	Software Engineer with Security Clearance	Moseley Technical Services, Inc.	Florham Park	NJ	Florham Park, NJ	ClearanceJobs.com	Wed, 04 Nov 2015 22:03:36 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=bbaf3b43327a3114&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2E1OUzNb2p71wqhT2Y6I12JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke9da419tp5m2
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Duties: Analyze, design, develop, and maintain software applications. Build application frameworks, implement business logic, create mapping rules, write scripts, analyze user requirements, customize, modify and enhance modules, prepare design documentation, configure, integrate, and install applications, generate reports, code, test, debug, resolve defects, performance tune, troubleshoot, provide technical support. Requirements: Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, any Engineering, or related field and five years experience in software design and development or programming. Demonstrated experience in 4-5 following tools – Java, Oracle, DB2, Websphere, XML, PL/SQL, ASP.Net , JavaScript, SQL Server, Unix, Windows, required. Frequent travel to client sites within U.S. required. Work Location: Montvale, NJ and client sites within U.S. Apply: Must MAIL Resume and Identify Job - ATTN: HR-SEB151, Data Inc, 72 Summit Avenue, Montvale, NJ 07645 E.O.E.	SOFTWARE ENGINEERS (multiple positions) SEB151	Data Inc.	Montvale	NJ	Montvale, NJ	Data Inc.	Thu, 29 Oct 2015 09:30:08 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=115bbd2b9b0fb2e9&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2E1OUzNb2p71wqhT2Y6I12JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke9da419tp5m2
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Job Profile Ullink, innovator and leading provider of financial software, is seeking a senior software engineer to join our Marketplace order routing bus development team. The team develops and maintains the software for the ULLINK FIX Marketplace and related products &amp; services. The ULLINK FIX Marketplace provides FIX connectivity for a large global community of buy sides, sell sides, and vendors. The FIX network has 1000s of FIX connections and 10,000+ channels between those FIX connections. This FIX network is a software application that provides many services more commonly associated with order management and trading systems, such as custom manipulation of FIX messages, FIX version translation, security id translation, etc. You will have the opportunity to take on major responsibilities and work on all aspects of the software development lifecycle (product specification, design, implementation, functional / unit &amp; performance testing, deployment, and 3rd line support). Key Accountabilities Work closely with ULLINK internal business stakeholders and customers to ensure a thorough understanding of requirements. Design and develop the software used by the ULLINK FIX Marketplace and related products &amp; services. Deliver major new enhancements to the products &amp; services. This includes gathering &amp; vetting requirements, analysis, design, development, testing, and support. Ensure that deliverables are consistent with ULLINK &amp; client requirements, strategies, and constraints. Help maintain and support the products &amp; services including providing level 3 support across multiple geographies &amp; time zones. Be highly responsive to issues, particularly those within your areas of expertise. Actively share knowledge within the team or with the wider ULLINK development teams as appropriate. Mentor less experienced team members and lead by example in both technical and non-technical aspects of the job. Constantly expand technical expertise relating to new technologies and concepts relevant to ULLINK existing and future product portfolio. Represent ULLINK, their products and product vision at engagements and customer meetings. Location Based in New York and may be required to travel to other ULLINK locations and customer sites when appropriate. Knowledge, Skills and Experience Required Essential Skills A Bachelor degree is required, preferably in Computer Science, Engineering, or Mathematics At least 8 years experience in C++ on Linux/Unix Strong C++ expertise In depth experience with mutli-threaded programming Experience programming high performance, high throughput, low latency applications Performance troubleshooting and tuning experience Linux/Unix proficiency including shell scripting Important Technical Skills FIX application development experience Hands-on experience with a FIX engine such as Appia, Cameron, TransactTools, etc. Programming order management, order routing, trading, risk management, or similar financial services applications Middleware application development experience (TibRV, MQ, 29 West LBM, Solace, etc.) STL experience Database application development experience (Oracle, Sybase, MySQL, etc.) Core Java experience Optional Technical Skills FIX engine development experience C++ 11 Perl Boost Experience with development tools that aid in debugging, locating memory errors, performance analysis, etc. Non-Technical Skills Experience in the complete software development life cycle, with emphasis on requirements, specifications, design, implementation, testing, and tools &amp; methods. Strong communications skills. Deep understanding of software development tools, design methodologies, and software quality best practices. Sound understanding of solutions deployment and operation. Demonstrable awareness of business environments into which solutions have been delivered. Capable of effective prioritisation of tasks and managing personal time. Capable of working with minimal supervision and supervising others. Personal Attributes Can communicate effectively with clients and colleagues. A good team player capable of delivering results in all circumstances. Quality focused. Highly flexible (including willingness to work away from home base) Enthusiastic in the pursuit of duties. Proactive and responsible in areas of expertise. Proactive with respect to personal development. A positive "can do " attitude towards the technical challenges facing ULLINK and clients.	Senior Software Engineer	ULLINK	New York	NY	New York, NY	ULLINK	Sat, 26 Sep 2015 05:59:30 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=c9c8f39fc11df797&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2E1OUzNb2p71wqhT2Y6I12JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke9da419tp5m2
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Jersey City NJ 07310 W2-contract 4 month Client is looking to do a number of Proof of Concepts, Pilots, and tests in the Robotics area and is looking for an engineer to: Facilitate the software evaluation process by providing communication between vendors and client Focused on designing and deploying processes toward Run The Bank (RTB) task simplification on one side and compliance reporting and enforcement on the other side by leveraging software automation and building interfaces between tools. Responsible for consistent approach and process for evaluation, maintenance and retirement of Tools (3rd party applications). Operates within a global context with counterparts in Europe and Asia. Responsibilities: Evaluate current methods, software and architecture to propose and implement appropriate processes and tools to improve -automate and secure- Develop interfaces to support streamlined integration across various internal systems, and platforms Produce documentation following existing standards and guidelines for enterprise wide deployment and use of tools. Manage the relationship with external technology providers to review new products, escalate issues, and provide a single voice from IT Production to these technology providers. Link with his or her counterparts to ensure definition and strict adherence to both local and global technology standards. Qualifications BS in Computer Science, Information Systems or related field 5 - 7 years of relevant industry experience, specifically focusing on IT engineering and software automation. Must be independent, organized, self-motivated. Ability to gather requirements and make recommendations to senior management, using critical thinking, sound judgment, and decisions making processes and techniques. Ability to interface with users at all levels of the organization (engineers, operators, end-users and management). Scripting skills on Windows and UNIX platform in popular languages (Python, Perl, PowerShell, Bash). Good knowledge of common UNIX flavors (Linux, Solaris, Aix) and Windows system administration. Understanding of scheduling platform - CA Autosys or similar. Basic knowledge of database (MSSQL, ORACLE) and SQL. Working knowledge of IT Application Security issues: Authentication, Authorization, Encryption, and Accountablity. Proven achievement automating complex systems management tasks. Not the right fit? Not a fit for this position? Visit our job portal to search all of our open positions. About us: Since 2002, APN Consulting has been inspiring success in IT through meaningful connections between employers and candidates. We are trusted by a vast array of companies, from small enterprises to some of the world's most trusted brands to present the best talent for their contract, contract to hire and full time positions. To learn more, please visit us online at www.apnconsultinginc.com	Software Automation and Test Engineer	APN Consulting	Jersey City	NJ	Jersey City, NJ	APN Consulting	Thu, 05 Nov 2015 04:23:13 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=c471f317b5edba6d&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2E1OUzNb2p71wqhT2Y6I12JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke9da419tp5m2
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	We are presently seeking a senior software engineer / architect with proven experience in building large based systems in .NET / C#. The job requires vast knowledge in web technologies and supporting infrastructure. The candidate will design and help architect systems which include: client tiers, service layers, tests and deployment strategy. The candidate will lead a team of developers and also coordinate with other teams including QA. As a team lead, he or she will also need to read, analyze, discuss, and implement business requirements. Experience • 5+ years experience in C#/.Net 3.5 or higher development. • 5+ years experience developing WCF / REST services. • 5+ years experience building Web Apps using C#/.Net including the MVC framework. • 5+ years experience using JS and jQuery. AngularJS and similar frameworks a big plus. • Strong understanding of design patterns and n-tier architecture principles. • BA/BS in Computer Science, Engineering, Math or Physics (or equivalent experience) • Proficient in SQL (PL/SQL and Oracle experience preferred)	Senior Software Engineer	IDT Corporation	Newark	NJ	Newark, NJ	sologig	Fri, 30 Oct 2015 02:00:41 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=f469ff2e0ec30679&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2E1OUzNb2p71wqhT2Y6I12JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke9da419tp5m2
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	The Web services application group is seeking a Software Engineer to develop IPC’s next generation of web based applications and web services that will control communications in financial services. Essential Duties &amp; Responsibilities · Design and implement efficient software components, APIs and protocols. · Develop, execute and evaluate performance and load tests. · Deliver complete, thorough, and robust solutions and proactively suggest improvements to process, design, and functionality. · Perform design and code reviews, providing constructive input and suggestions. · Deliver unit test case harnesses in addition to working code as part of an agile sprint team · Develop both API’s and · Be a team player and leader by helping others to achieve team and company goals. Required Skills · Experience in development of web services, HTML5 web pages, Javascript, Angular.JS, JQuery, and Bootstrap . · Experience with MVC patterns · Java or other object-oriented programming language required. Core Java/JEE experience a plus. · Demonstrated practical application and object-oriented modeling. Design and development. · Experience with Finite State Machine design and development. · Knowledgeable about all stages of the software development process. · Exceptional written and verbal skills. · Excellent team player with a consistently positive attitude and collaborative approach to problem solving. · Excellent technical leadership with the ability to take on challenging technical problems, drive towards a solution and communicate status to upper management. Job Requirements Required Experience o BSEE/BSCS o 7+ years’ experience developing software. o Experience in rules engine development including Drools , and webRTC a plus o Developing front ends and web applications for different types of client devices a plus o Experience in developing high volume, high reliability communication systems geared towards the Financial Industry. o Ability to lead small scale projects and report status to the leadership team and multitask. o Proactive, driven to excel and committed to product excellence and quality. Additional Details IPC offers Medical, Dental, Vision, Life Insurance and Accidental Death and Dismemberment, Long and Short Term Disability, 401(k), Flexible Spending Accounts, Pre-tax Commuter Program, Employee Assistance Program, Aflac, Tuition Reimbursement, Vacation/Personal/Sick Days. How To Apply Country United States United States Exempt or Non-exempt exempt exempt Amount of Travel	Software Engineer - SMTS 2	IPC Systems, Inc.	Murray Hill	NJ	Murray Hill, NJ	IPC Systems, Inc.	Wed, 21 Oct 2015 17:51:19 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=431ef46aeade387d&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2E1OUzNb2p71wqhT2Y6I12JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke9da419tp5m2
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	It’s a UI world! If you like complex systems and large scale applications, this is the business for you. We are looking for a strong Front End/UI Engineer to join our rapidly growing team in New York. If you like Angular, we are off to the right start! Who are we? As the leading personalized video solutions provider, we create and execute broadcast-quality online video campaigns from start to finish. We provide unique, vertical-focused solutions that are specifically built to fit your goals, transform brand assets into limitless personalized video messages, and target each one of them to the right person at the right time and place. We drive increased returns on ad spend and sales and help marketers move products off the shelves. Some of our clients include Capital One, Expedia, Dick’s, Jaguar, Marriott, Volvo, Staples and many others. We started 2014 with about 40 people, now currently have over 90 employees and are rapidly growing. We are headquartered in New York, but with offices in Chicago, Detroit and Los Angeles with International operations in Europe. Our “UI” Team is currently 4 people including a Junior Developer, a Backend Engineer and 2 Full Stack/Front End Engineers. Our technology stack of choice is Angular and Java. If you have strong Angular experience working on large-scale application and/or complex systems, we want to talk to you. If you Java or another back end language, that is a strong plus. Any experience with business entities or data initiatives is a plus as well. Why work here? If you’re looking for a typical startup, you won’t find that here. We are a unique team built of top engineers to join us on an exciting ride to drive our technology to the next level. We pride ourselves on hiring people from across the globe who speak dozens of languages. With a team mantra of G.S.D (Get Sh*t Done) and a strict No Politics Rule, we have created a space where ideas and positive change happen fast. We enjoy an open culture, where everyone is hands-on, all of the time, and are empowered to express their ideas freely. We care about the deliverables – with a focus on infrastructure, scalability and decreasing tech debt. We love people who dive into complex problems head-on, in fact, we encourage it. That said, investing in our engineers’ skills is a top priority because we care about our people; we want them to grow, learn and develop (no pun intended) on a daily basis. We also care about having fun. Team outings, office events (ever judged a Dessert-Off? It’s an incredibly tasty experience, in case you were wondering), company sports teams, a fully stocked kitchen (snacks, breakfast and espresso machine galore), and catered Friday lunches with free beer are just a few of the ways we enjoy where we work. Other Benefits? Stock Options Competitive salaries Health &amp; Dental Phone reimbursement Free weekly team lunch Beautiful office space at Union Square Flexible work hours Vacation days and time off Company parties and events Snacks, refreshments and coffee This is a full time job in New York. We are offering a very competitive salary (above market rate for the right people). Apply today for interviews!	Angular Software Engineers - Its a UI world!	Averity	New York	NY	New York, NY	Averity	Fri, 23 Oct 2015 22:21:24 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=888c0a3f11441d78&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2E1OUzNb2p71wqhT2Y6I12JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke9da419tp5m2
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	About Axial: Axial (www.axial.net ( http://www.axial.net/ )) is building the online capital market for private companies - connecting those companies to the capital they need to succeed. CEOs and transaction professionals join Axial to access advice and capital, build relationships and exchange opportunities that help them and their organizations grow. The Role: At Axial the difference between making good software and great software is our test engineering team. You will pair with developers to teach them how to better perform exploratory testing, research coding tools to solve quality problems, develop and extend test automation frameworks, and work with managers to improve our development processes. In this role you will play a crucial part in everything we do to improve quality, speed up development time, and ship better products more consistently. You will be working in a growing, Agile development environment directly with developers on innovative projects and products. You will be assessing and mitigating risks, solving quality challenges, performing exploratory and automated testing, training and coaching developers and improving processes. What technologies do we use to ensure quality? We write our web and mobile end-to-end tests with Protractor and Appium We use Jenkins, Docker and Selenium Grid for test automation and cross-browser testing We write our integration tests with Pytest and our performance tests with JMeter and Gatling We use open source security tools to identify security risks and secure our systems and networks Atlassian products, including JIRA, Confluence and HipChat, help us stayed organized and effectively communicate What do we expect from you? You understand modern object-oriented development languages well enough to conduct code reviews and are familiar with common software architecture patterns You have great exploratory testing skills and can coach skilled developers to become good exploratory testers You have a wide understanding of test automation types and can make good decisions about types of test automation that should be used for various features You are a critical thinker and frequently spot risks and problems that no one else in the team thought about You are naturally curious and enjoy learning You enjoy interacting with people and enjoy being a part of a team and helping others Why work at Axial? Competitive salary and equity Education stipends Gym Subsidy Snacks and catered lunches Flatiron office location near all trains Bike friendly 	Software Test Engineer	Axial	New York	NY	New York, NY	axial	Tue, 13 Oct 2015 20:49:08 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=2e70d7e1e78568f4&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2E1OUzNb2p71wqhT2Y6I12JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke9da419tp5m2
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	A Software Engineer at Terakeet is responsible for building and evolving sophisticated Rails applications that are used internally to manage a variety of business processes. Our proprietary systems are a major competitive advantage in our industry, and they are constantly growing to support new features and integrate with new technologies and 3rd party APIs. Responsibilities: Involved in the entire development process from design to specification to implementation Build, design and code new features and enhancements for an in house proprietary application Participate in all aspects of project-life cycle Work in an entrepreneurial environment where your work has a direct impact on the success of the business. Skills &amp; Requirements Minimum Qualifications: BA/BS in Computer Science or equivalent 2+ years of web development experience using Ruby on Rails required Experience designing, maintaining, and optimizing database applications. MySQL preferred. Knowledge of contemporary HTML, CSS, JS, and JQuery best practices Experience coding in a UNIX environment Excellent technical communication skills Preferred Qualifications: Expert in Ruby/Rails development Experience with Java development Experience using SOAP or REST web services Strong object-oriented programming and design skills Experience configuring and deploying LAMP web servers Familiarity with Agile development practices Experience contributing to projects in the open-source community A good sense of humor About Terakeet, LLC Terakeet is an engagement marketing technology company that uses our innovative platform, Chorus, to facilitate one-to-one human interactions at scale. We build relationships with online influencers to send authoritative search engine ranking signals, amplify awareness of a brand or message, spark meaningful conversation, and mobilize key audiences. Our customers include global Internet Retail 100 companies, startups, advocacy groups, and political campaigns. Compensation &amp; Benefits Include: Salary commensurate with ability and experience Health Insurance Dental &amp; Vision Insurance 401k w/Company Matching Parking Stipend Company Sponsored Gym Membership Company Discretionary Bonus Plan \	Software Engineer - Ruby on Rails	Terakeet, LLC	New York	NY	New York, NY	StackOverflow Jobs	Sat, 24 Oct 2015 14:28:45 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=9b02538f61455113&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2E1OUzNb2p71wqhT2Y6I12JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke9da419tp5m2
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Recruitics is one of the fastest growing technology companies in New York City. Our programmatic advertising platform is disrupting the industry by helping companies make intelligent, data-driven decisions about the job openings they advertise on career-related sites. We’re scaling tremendously across all departments, and we are looking for entrepreneurial, self-driven people with a passion for creating innovative solutions to grow with us as we forge the next generation of talent acquisition software. We're growing our engineering team in NYC for the first time, so we're looking for curious developers who want to help shape our engineering culture. Right now we’re looking for a lead software engineer to join our engineering leadership team and play a lead role in enhancing our database and user interface systems. This role will report directly to our VP of Engineering and will have complete ownership of our core analytics platform. Critical job duties and requirements are outlined below: Duties: Help to shape the culture of the engineering organization by building and managing a team of software engineers composed of employees and contractual staff. Drive incremental enhancement of our database and user interface systems. Streamline our data collection process while driving incremental improvements. Estimate and prioritize development tasks in conjunction with the product managers to support business objectives. Effectively advocate for long-term stability and scalability. Drive business processes by communicating technical and non-technical concepts to local and remote employees. Build a pragmatic but disciplined approach for software development on the core team. Requirements: 6+ years of progressive full-time software engineering experience (backend focus preferred) Must have experience with at least one relational database (PostgreSQL preferred). Must have strong experience with at least one programming language: Java, C#, C/C++, Ruby, Python, PHP (experience with a variety of programming languages is preferred). Experience releasing a production application. Solid written and verbal communication skills as well as ability to build trust with business stakeholders. Prior experience building and managing successful software teams, especially in the use of one-to-one and standup meetings. Must be available to work weekdays from our NYC office (Midtown). Candidates must be legally authorized to work in the United States. Here are a few reasons to get excited about our engineering team: We're growing our onshore team for the first time, so you'll get to work directly with our VP of Engineering to create the company's engineering culture and foster best practices. You'll play a major part in building out the newest versions of the company's software. Right now, major initiatives are forming around our core platform and web-enabled tools for analytics. You'll get the equipment you need to succeed - our standard engineering setup is a 13" MacBook Pro laptop with a 27" Apple Thunderbolt display. As our team expands, we'll invest in the right engineering processes and tools. Ultimately, we envision a fully automated environment with the ability to respond automatically to changing operational conditions. Our leadership team truly understands the technological underpinning of the business and is committed to building a tech-first company culture. Must be at least 18 years old. We are a drug-free workplace. Candidates are required to pass a drug test and background check prior to beginning employment. Recruitics is an equal opportunity employer, dedicated to a policy of non-discrimination in employment with regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, national origin, age, disability, genetic information, veteran status or any other classification protected by federal, state and local laws and ordinances, nationally and internationally. AA/EOE/M/F/D/V New York, NY, United States	Software Engineer - Lead	Recruitics	New York	NY	New York, NY	Recruitics Corporate	Wed, 07 Oct 2015 16:23:12 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=0034b19902e27f0c&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2E1OUzNb2p71wqhT2Y6I12JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke9da419tp5m2
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	We're searching for a software engineer to join the Chalkup family. Here's what you need to know. About This Gig - Your Responsibilities: Developing clean and sustainable code for our collaborative learning platform Managing a cloud-based infrastructure built on Amazon Web Services Exhibiting a passion for user-focused design and development Refining the tools and processes used by the team About You: Academic background in Computer Science or related Experience with Node.js, Angular.js, CoffeeScript, MongoDB, Jade, &amp; LESS Experience designing web sites or applications that actually get used. Experience with scaling startup environments (a plus) Experience with Hybrid mobile apps (a plus). You get stuff done, have great energy, and thrive in a startup environment. Passion for great user experiences on mobile and the web; want to work with a team that makes this a priority. Ready to play a lead role in building a beautiful application used by thousands of students and teachers. Extensive experience developing web-based software Demonstrated ability to learn new languages and frameworks Interest in the education space a huge plus Job Type: Full-time Required experience: Computer Science: 2 years Required education: Bachelor's 	Full Stack Software Engineer (Node.js, Angular.js, CoffeeScript, MongoDB)	Chalkup	New York	NY	New York, NY	Indeed	Wed, 23 Sep 2015 19:19:13 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=34c3ec7b2216d589&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2E1OUzNb2p71wqhT2Y6I12JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke9da419tp5m2
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Job Description POSITION SUMMARY The Simons Center for Data Analysis (SCDA) at the Simons Foundation is searching for a highly motivated SoftwareSenior SoftwareBig Data Engineer. The candidate will join a team building a novel platform for data exploration in genomics, enabling biomedical researchers to make novel discoveries and develop new disease treatments. The ideal candidate is a data-driven developer capable of designing large-scale data systems. He or she will work with other software engineers and scientists to implement and deploy cutting-edge machine learning algorithms and modeling of biological big data. The Simons Center for Data Analysis, launched in 2013, develops new and innovative methods of examining data whose scale and complexity have historically resisted analysis. The principal focus of the center is on big data challenges in genomics, systems biology and neuroscience. MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS Education BS, MS or PhD in Computer Science or related technical discipline Experience Experience in data miningmodelingmachine learning Experience with back-end data systems Experience with big data technology (Mongo, Hadoop, etc.) Proficiency in C++, Python Relational database experience with MySQL or Postgres Related Skills Other Requirements Knowledge of software engineering practices for working in groups, including software development life cycles, coding standards, code review, and version control systems (e.g., Mercurial, Git) Expertise in algorithms and data structures Familiarity with Linux Simons Foundation is an Equal Opportunity Employer, MFDV. See job description	Software/Sr. Software Engineer	Simons Foundation	New York	NY	New York, NY	Dice	Sat, 31 Oct 2015 15:36:36 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=63c73d136fba9d6c&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2E1OUzNb2p71wqhT2Y6I12JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke9da419tp5m2
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Flipboard is your online Magazine personalized for you, by you! Our mission is to let people discover and share content in beautiful, simple and meaningful ways. We are a gathering of creative minds, innovating an array of technologies. Here you will immerse yourself in a world where algorithm meets art. Flipboard has millions of daily users who read tens of millions of articles per day. Every single one of our users generate data that we use to monitor, report, and build our products. Reliable data collection, at exceptional scale, is central to everything we do. We are looking for software engineers who want to help scale Flipboard to a billion users. This position is based in our New York or Palo Alto office. What you'll do Design, develop and own significant components of Flipboard's infrastructure. Work together with our world-class product, design and client teams to design and implement key product features. Develop new services and features and providing ongoing support for those features throughout the product lifecycle. Ensure efficiency, quality, and operability of a large-scale distributed system Contribute to open source software powering our platform What you know 5+ years of programming experience in Java, C++, Python or similar programming languages Experience or interest in information extraction algorithms and/or machine learning Solid skills in developing, maintaining and improving server software Excellent Linux / UNIX knowledge Experience with large scale, data-intensive applications, API and protocol design, and distributed systems. Strong communication skills and the desire to have fun building great software Minimum BS degree in Computer Science or related field Why Join Flipboard You will build a product that millions use and love every day, transforming how people discover and share content. We are a flat organization, which means that we believe great ideas can come from anywhere and anyone. From the beginning we’ve been uncompromising in creating an environment that inspires great work and values the balanced lives of our staff. Our culture will enable you to learn and grow while you are shaping the product and the company. CEO, Mike McCue is a creative visionary experienced at building innovative products and companies Collaborative teams work together with strong purpose and vision. “Mock O’clock” held each Friday where we get together to catch up over snacks, beverages, beer/wine AND get to demo new ideas or projects to the company. Pick your equipment: we provide your choice of computers, screens, tablets, and peripherals. Flipboard’s offices are open, beautifully designed spaces, and centrally located to public transportation. Compensation including base, equity, plus generous, comprehensive benefits We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. 	Software Engineer, Platform	Flipboard	New York	NY	New York, NY	Flipboard	Thu, 24 Sep 2015 01:42:30 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=edb61086cc067127&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2E1OUzNb2p71wqhT2Y6I12JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke9da419tp5m2
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	As a member of Next Caller’s engineering team, the software engineer is responsible for helping to identify, build and configure security systems to protect the Next Caller infrastructure. Successful candidates for this job enjoy building security tools that enable our employees to impact the world in a secure environment. Responsibilities Design and develop systems and tools to secure the company against attack/abuse Work on new product features to make Next Caller users and data more secure Write tools to monitor our network for security incidents Advise engineers on security and privacy issues Requirements Ideal candidate will have 2-5 years relevant experience BS or MS degree in Computer Science or a related technical field Strong programming background in Linux Passion for security, and a practical and balanced approach to security issues Excellent communication skills, on both technical and non-technical issues Familiarity with AWS and MySQL 	Software Engineer - Security	Next Caller	New York	NY	New York, NY	Next Caller	Sat, 19 Sep 2015 10:09:31 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=ff37f7af5b63202d&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2E1OUzNb2p71wqhT2Y6I12JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke9da419tp5m2
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Duties: Analyze, design, develop, implement and deploy developed software applications and solutions. Confer with clients, perform deliverables walkthroughs, analyze requirements, modify and enhance applications, optimize queries, prepare technical specifications, extract and migrate data, design complex batch flows, conduct quality assurance measures to ensure software is performing as expected, track defects, perform root cause analysis, troubleshoot operating problems, and provide production support. Requirements: Master’s degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, any Engineering, or related field and two years experience in software design and development or post production support, with demonstrated experience in 4-5 following tools – Java, COBOL, HTML, Oracle, VSAM, SQL, SAS, XML, DB2, Unix, Windows, required. Frequent travel to client sites within U.S. required. Work Location: Montvale, NJ and client sites within U.S. Apply: Must MAIL Resume and Identify Job - ATTN: HR-SEM1501, Data Inc, 72 Summit Avenue, Montvale, NJ 07645 E.O.E.	SOFTWARE ENGINEERS (multiple open positions) SEM1501	Data Inc.	Montvale	NJ	Montvale, NJ	Data Inc.	Thu, 29 Oct 2015 09:30:11 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=3205a9669f1d9091&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2E1OUzNb2p71wqhT2Y6I12JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke9da419tp5m2
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	You are an experienced developer who wants to get in on the ground floor of NYC's hottest startup and really make your mark. You are passionate about creating a fantastic home-search experience and you feel it is critical that your voice is heard in product and business decisions. You will be the first member of our Mobile Engineering team that solely focuses on Android so you will be expected to build the product and push its capabilities moving forward. Ideally, you’re active in the open-source community. Your work is probably available in the Google Play Store. You have strong opinions on code structure and modularization. You are a great communicator and you take care to understand before making yourself understood. At Compass You Will: Experience developing, releasing, and maintaining native Android applications Deep knowledge of Android SDK, Java, Maven, and Eclipse or Android Studio Experience collaborating on software projects and working in a team environment Strong debugging skills Knowledge of algorithms and data structures Familiarity with continuous integration BS in Computer Science or equivalent Bonus: A Github account with open source contributions Experience in iOS development Familiarity with Python Experience with automated testing 	Android Software Engineer	Compass	New York	NY	New York, NY	Compass	Tue, 13 Oct 2015 05:04:00 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=e00348d723f5c05c&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2E1OUzNb2p71wqhT2Y6I12JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke9da419tp5m2
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	VTS New York, NY 80,000 - 160,000 , Provides Equity javascript angularjs ruby ruby-on-rails postgresql https://twitter.com/BuildingVTS http://building.vts.com https://www.vts.com As a VTS engineer you’ll be working on all ends of the product, whether we’re architecting the next new feature in our platform, or the background jobs need tweaking, or there’s a div that is out of place. We’re always trying new technology to fit the appropriate situation, and at VTS you'll definitely pick up a few skills you haven’t learned elsewhere. We are looking for talented engineers who: Have built applications to run in a cloud environment Embrace solid software engineering and OO design practices Believe that TDD and clean coding practices are the right way to build applications Are comfortable working anywhere in the stack, from CSS to SQL Thrive in a fast-paced, agile startup work environment Enjoy building applications using technology like AngularJS, Ruby on Rails, Git, Redis, iOS, Android, and Heroku Take responsibility and ownership of their own work, while having a strong desire to help others succeed Are open to expanding their skill set and eager to master all of the tools we use In addition to our standard company benefits, all engineers are provided with their choice of MacBook Pro and keyboard, mouse, and display. Engineers are free to choose their development tools, whether it’s vim, Sublime Text, or RubyMine. About VTS VTS is the first cross platform leasing solution in Commercial Real Estate. We use video, distribution, and real-time analytics to help the world's largest owners and brokerage firms lease space. Our technology not only helps users create leasing opportunities, but manage the entire deal process from start to finish. One central place to manage portfolio &amp; team performance. We have a suite of products that includes portfolio analytics, customized excel reporting, and dynamic stacking plans, to name a few. With 1 Billion+ square feet and 4,500+ buildings under management on the site, we are the clear market leader. We've been written about in both the New York Times and Wall Street Journal and will continue expanding into multiple markets.	Software Engineer (Ruby/Angular)	VTS	New York	NY	New York, NY	StackOverflow Jobs	Tue, 20 Oct 2015 08:23:42 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=80716527a76067ae&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2E1OUzNb2p71wqhT2Y6I12JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke9da419tp5m2
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	LGS Innovations, a leader in government telecommunications and network integration, is seeking a Jr. Engineer, Network Security for our Florham Park, NJ location. LGS Innovations solves the most complex networking and communications challenges facing the U.S. Federal Government, state and local governments, foreign governments, and commercial organizations worldwide. LGS delivers groundbreaking research, and advanced networking and communications solutions that provide an information advantage that contributes to the mission and operational success of its customers. LGS Innovations is a U.S.-owned company headquartered in Herndon, Virginia, with offices nationwide. We provide our employees with competitive compensation packages and a full range of benefits, including vacation, medical, dental, life insurance, a 401(k) plan, tuition assistance, and an Employee Assistance Program (EAP). Primary Purpose: Independently perform research, design and software development of next generation cybersecurity capabilities for modern telecommunications networks. This includes the study of the security profile of various aspects of Mobile, IP, and transport networks for both classified and unclassified programs. Roles and Responsibilities: Research and create solutions to computer and network security problems Design, implement and unit test prototype software Integrate software into larger systems, design test cases and evaluate solution effectiveness Perform network and application penetration testing Work with customer to understand requirements and formulate concepts Brief project results and demo prototype software/tools to technical and non-technical audience Understand and adhere to all LGS Ethical and Compliance policies Proactively ensure a safe work environment and adhere to LGS EH&amp;S policies and procedures Perform other duties as required Qualifications Basic Qualifications: To be considered for this position, you must minimally meet the knowledge, skills, and abilities listed below: Must be able to obtain and maintain a Security Clearance (US citizenship is a prerequisite) Strong analytical skills with the ability to independently solve problems is required Ability to become competent in an unfamiliar technology in a short period of time is required Broad knowledge of TCP/IP and software development is required Demonstrated experience in one or more of the following languages is required: Java, C/C++, Python, Perl, PHP Solid understanding of TCP/IP and experience in network programming is desired Understanding of common protocols is desired: HTTP, SSL, ICMP, DNS, SMTP Experience understanding packet captures and/or creating firewall/IDS rules is desired Understanding of basic network architecture and security considerations is a plus Familiarity with common security and scanning tools is a plus Strong writing and presenting skills a plus Minimum Education and Experience: BA in Computer Science, Computer Engineering or Electrical Engineering and 2-4 years of related experience or an equivalent combination of education, skills, and experience. Working Conditions: Work is typically performed in an office environment which requires proper safety precautions. Work may require some physical effort in the handling of light materials, boxes, or equipment. The above job description is not intended to be, nor should it be construed as, exhaustive of all responsibilities, skills, efforts, or working conditions associated with the job. Requests for reasonable accommodations will be considered to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions of this position.	Network Security Software Engineer	LGS Innovations	Florham Park	NJ	Florham Park, NJ	LGS Innovations	Sun, 27 Sep 2015 08:39:31 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=f1fddc4aab99159c&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2E1OUzNb2p71wqhT2Y6I12JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke9da419tp5m2
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	American Express is embarking on an exciting transformation driven by an energetic new team of high performers. This group is nimble and creative with the power to shape our technology and product roadmap. If you have the talent and desire to deliver innovative payment products and services at a rapid pace, serving our customers seamlessly across physical, digital, mobile, and social media, join our transformation team! Responsibilities include, but are not limited to: Provides guidance and subject matter expertise to engineers on testing and Quality Assurance (QA) methodologies and processes Works with engineers to drive improvements in code quality via manual and automated testing Responsible for managing the definition, implementation, and integration of quality principles into the design and development of software and IT processes Involved in the review of requirements specifications for weaknesses in function, performance, reliability, scalability, testability, usability, and security and compliance testing, and provides recommendations Responsible for developing manual and automated test cases and configurations needed to meet testing of business requirements Monitors and tracks resolution of defects, coordinating with engineers in order to prevent, report, and resolve Designs, monitors, and analyzes quality assurance metrics such as defect, defect counts, test results, and test status Identifies opportunities to adopt innovative technologies This “rebel with a cause” looks beyond the obvious for continuous improvement opportunities Qualifications This high energy Quality Assurance Engineer must have: 3+ years of experience in IT, with an emphasis on QA, and proven ability in writing test cases, running functional, automated, or performance tests, and managing defects Experience in core Java Experience with web service and back-end service/API tools, such as Soap Service, HTTPClient, SoapClient, jaws, jaxb, etc. Ability to create test client and service test framework using Java for web services Ability to create Java test utilities Exposure to tools like Maven, Sub Version, Junit/TestNG, Eclipse/IntelliJ IDE, Jenkins Experience in white box (component) testing Experience with Agile, other rapid application development methods, and Waterfall SDLC Experience in working with testing automation tools like JUnit, JMeter, Eclipse, Selenium (Selenium IDE, Selenium RC, Selenium Web Driver, HP Load Runner, HP Quality Center, and preparation of automation test framework Experience with coding skills across a variety of platforms (Java, HTML5, DB2, XML, and Mainframe Cobol) is a plus Solid experience in test-driven development, unit testing, functional testing, system integration testing, regression testing, GUI testing, web service testing, and browser compatibility testing Strong written and verbal communication skills Ability to effectively interpret technical and business objectives and challenges Ability to think abstractly and deal with ambiguous/under-defined problems Demonstrated willingness to learn new technologies and takes pride in how fast they develop working software Bachelor's or master's degree in computer science, computer engineering, or other technical discipline, or equivalent work experience, is preferred Ability to enable business capabilities through innovation is a plus Knowledge of web security and encryption technology is a plus Any of the following test certifications - QAI, ASQ, IIST, ISEB, ISTQB - are a plus Experience with payments technology and industry is a plus MG2D American Express is an equal opportunity employer and makes employment decisions without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, protected veteran status, disability status, or any other status protected by law. Click here to view the “ EEO is the Law ” poster. If the link does not work, please copy and paste the following URL in a new browser window: http://www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/ofccpost.htm ReqID: 15007558	Software Quality Assurance Engineer	American Express	New York	NY	New York, NY	American Express	Mon, 26 Oct 2015 14:37:00 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=733d8615c38d0c74&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2E1OUzNb2p71wqhT2Y6I12JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke9da419tp5m2
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Software Engineer POSITION SUMMARY As a Software Engineer within the BI Development department, you will make a direct impact on SPS Commerce’s Analytics products. As part of a larger development team, you will work closely with Principal Engineers, Product Managers, and other stakeholders to deliver high quality products to market. You will have the opportunity to contribute new ideas for the product as well as the underlying technology. This position is best suited to individuals with an entrepreneurial spirit who are passionate about driving change within an industry via product development. KEY SKILLS/COMPETENCIES Strong software engineering and design skills Passionate about writing testable code and associated tests Obsessed with software development and staying current with technology trends Highly motivated, self-starter Strong problem-resolution and decision making skills Enjoys a fast paced environment and is comfortable with taking on new features as the business requires Detail oriented, quality driven POSITION RESPONSIBILITIES Scope, estimate, design, develop, and test product backlog items as prioritized by Product Owners Establish commitments and produce production ready software every sprint Create and perform applicable quality control measures to ensure product integrity Analyze issues, determine root cause, and implement hot fixes Keep current with technologies and focus on personal growth Be a team player and help other roles as necessary to deliver on sprint commitments EXPERIENCE AND SKILLS REQUIRED BS-Computer Science, Information Systems or equivalent 1-4 years of experience Very strong object oriented programming skills with Java, Python, or C# Strong testing skills Strong design skills PREFERRED (not required) Knowledge of IoC and DI Familiar with SOA and SQL Familiarity with AWS and/or cloud based architectures is a plus Experience writing web applications (JavaScript, CSS, HTML, etc.) AngularJS is a nice to have 	Software Engineer	SPS Commerce	Parsippany	NJ	Parsippany, NJ	SPS Commerce	Sun, 18 Oct 2015 05:24:52 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=15797dddfd9aa51a&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2E1OUzNb2p71wqhT2Y6I12JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke9da419tp5m2
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Software Engineer--IOS - 39388 Description Our company At Adobe, we’re changing the world. How? We give people the tools to bring their ideas to life and create content that makes life more fun and work more meaningful. We give businesses and organizations the power to truly engage their customers. We're the ones behind the gorgeously designed content that streams across your laptop, TV, phone, and tablet every day—and we’re the ones who harness the massive power of big data to help companies move from data to insight and insight to action by delivering content that people crave most. We’re a company that understands that product innovation comes from people innovation, and that’s why we invest in cultivating leaders throughout the organization. If you’re passionate about leading from where you sit, join us. The challenge Behance is seeking a Mobile Developer (iOS) with strong programming fundamentals and a keen attention to detail to join us in New York City. We are an intimate team of designers and developers that are using mobile technology platforms to connect the creative world. You will have an opportunity to build and maintain products that are highly visible, well regarded by your peers, and loved by the broader creative community. We are particularly interested in finding a talented candidate who is a self-starter, with a proven track record of developing mobile applications. Candidates should have an enthusiasm for the mobile ecosystem, and an interest in dabbling with the full technology stack. Some of the work our team has produced: Behance for iPhone/iPad/Android &amp; Apple Watch/Google Watch Faces Creative Portfolio for iPhone/iPad/Android Talent Search for iPhone/iPad Wallpaper for Mac What you’ll do Responsibilities include utilizing Apple Frameworks in the development of applications for phone, tablet, and watch form factors, integration with RESTful APIs and back-end technologies, and contributing to overall software architecture. What you need to succeed BS in Computer Science or equivalent Knowledge of Apple iOS Technologies and Frameworks Strong understanding of MVC concepts, Design Patterns, and Object Oriented Programming Experience developing in teams and utilizing source control software (Git/Github) Ability to communicate well and make technology recommendations based on best practices What leading at Adobe means At Adobe, we’re passionate about developing leaders at all levels of the organization from individual contributors to people managers. Anyone who’s considering a career with us should know that we evaluate leadership based on these five capabilities: Demonstrating Strong EQ (Be Aware) – Having a keen sense of self awareness is the foundation of leadership at Adobe. Whether you’re an individual contributor or a people manager, you’re someone who’s empathetic and mindful of your impact on others. Selecting Talent (Be a Recruiter) – You’re a guardian and an ambassador for selecting talent at Adobe! You recommend and recruit only the best. You embrace diversity of ideas, experiences and working styles because you know that diverse teams drive better business results. Role Modeling Check-In (Be a Coach) – We don’t believe in annual reviews and rankings. That’s why, feedback flows constantly at Adobe. To succeed, you’ll meet frequently with your manager to receive ongoing feedback, set challenging performance expectations, and pursue continuous development opportunities. Leading change (Be an Agent of Change) – You readily adapt to business changes. Ambiguity or uncertainty never seems to stop you from working productively. You’re maniacally focused on execution and you’re always looking at new approaches to resolving issues. Scaling the Business (Be an Owner) – You approach your role as if you own the business. The buck stops with you. Your goal is to always deliver an exceptional customer experience by listening to feedback and continuously looking to improve efficiencies. At Adobe, you will be immersed in an exceptional work environment that is recognized throughout the world on Best Companies lists . You will also be surrounded by colleagues who are committed to helping each other grow through our unique Check-In approach where ongoing feedback flows freely. If you’re looking to build your career, Adobe’s the place for you. Discover what our employees are saying about their career experiences through the Adobe Life magazine . Adobe is an equal opportunity employer. We welcome and encourage diversity in the workplace regardless of race, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability or veteran status. Job Development Primary Location Americas-USE-New York Schedule Full-time	Software Engineer--IOS	Adobe	New York	NY	New York, NY	Adobe	Sat, 10 Oct 2015 02:25:10 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=978642799eec7eca&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2E1OUzNb2p71wqhT2Y6I12JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke9da419tp5m2
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Job Descriptions: Imagine helping to develop products that truly make a difference in the lives of millions of students. Renaissance Learning, a leading provider of technology-based school improvement and student assessment programs for K-12 schools, is seeking a Junior Software Engineer to join its R&amp;D team in Brooklyn. In this position you will collaborate, design, and create our next generation of web applications with your teammates in an Agile Scrum environment. About Us : Renaissance Learning is a leading provider of technology-based school improvement and student assessment programs for K12 schools. Our products help educators make the practice component of their existing curriculum more effective by providing tools to personalize practice and easily manage the daily activities for students of all levels. Whether you are based at our corporate headquarters in beautiful central Wisconsin or at one of our other many locations, you can make a real difference in education. We offer competitive compensation, enviable benefits, and smart, friendly co-workers—all in a relaxed, fun atmosphere where you'll have the opportunity to excel each day. Required Experience: This position requires a minimum of 1-3 years professional experience in all stages of the software life cycle preferably with recent focus on front-end UI projects using AngularJS and Javascript. In addition, you should be fluent in several of the following: ASP.NET, C#, HTML, CSS, Flex, Java, MS SQL Server, NoSql (MongoDB), design patterns, unit testing and integration testing. Additionally, a Bachelor of Science in Computer Science or Software Engineering is required. Candidates for this position should love to code and have strong written and verbal technical communications skills and a demonstrated ability to work in an Agile Scrum team environment. Keyword: Software, Engineer, ASP.NET, C#, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, AngularJS, Flex, MSSQL, T-SQL, integration, coders From: Renaissance Learning, Inc.	Junior Software Engineer	Renaissance Learning, Inc.	Brooklyn	NY	Brooklyn, NY	Renaissance Learning, Inc.	Thu, 01 Oct 2015 22:50:45 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=df27120e2181e957&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2E1OUzNb2p71wqhT2Y6I12JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke9da419tp5m2
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Audible is a mission driven, highly profitable media company in hyper-growth. We're a collection of artists, designers and technologists with a love of literature, performance and the spoken word. We're the leading provider of audiobooks worldwide with a huge catalog of exclusive content and a first-class listening experience on Kindle, Android and iOS devices. We love our customers and we love our product. We're on a mission to share great stories with the world and we want you to be a part of that journey. About THIS opportunity: Within Audible we have built a Platform group that owns tools, frameworks and services. The Platform group enables other development teams within the organization to build and ship software quickly and with a high bar of engineering excellence. This team builds awesome frameworks that development teams use to rapidly develop new experiences. We provide processes that keep our teams unblocked and highly productive but we do so in a way that's much more exciting than this sentence. We listen to our customers and the tech industry and it's our responsibility to push Audible into new places; wherever our customers are listening. That's really an excuse to experiment with things like adaptive streaming, home automation, wearables or even the Raspberry Pi. This opportunity specifically is on the web team within the Platform group. This team is building a framework called Ubiquity that includes a set of infrastructure and code that's used across all our web infrastructure. Globally! We need your help to develop and deliver on this vision in an iterative manner. Success means we lay the foundation for continued expansion of our company without disrupting an already tremendously successful and much loved product. As an engineer on our team you'll be expected to write great code, execute on your ideas, challenge the status quo and generally make things better. You'll need the soft-skills too; Communication, influence and passion are key to the success of the team and ultimately the company. You'll experience all the challenges, ambiguity and opportunities of a new team with a new mission but for the right candidate that's part of the fun. How does Amazon fit in? We're a part of Amazon, they are our parent company and it's a great partnership. You'll get to play with all of Amazon's technologies like EC2, SQS and S3 but it doesn't stop there. Audible's built on Amazon technology and you'll have insight into the inner workings of the world's leading ecommerce experience. There's a LOT to learn! Your career will benefit from working with teams like Kindle, A9, P13N and many more. If you want to own and solve problems, work with a creative dynamic team, fail fast in a supportive environment whilst growing your career and working on high volume (2000+ tps) services that support millions of customers worldwide we want to hear from you. As engineers we like specifics so here's some of the standard info: Own key components within our platform. "Owning" means envisioning, designing, creating, building and supporting. These services need to operate with a high degree of operational excellence (we measure EVERYTHING). Support our developers. "Support" means be the go-to-person for questions but never be a bottle-neck, see around the corner and anticipate developers' needs, host brown bags, knowledge-transfer sessions and generally evangelize the platform. Partner with product management to imagine, design, develop, test, and launch software that wows our community and inspires our peers. Be willing to explore and learn un-prompted. Bring problems AND solutions to the table. Lead the way - "Lead" means staying up to date with tools, trends, technologies and best practices both industry-wide and within Amazon and then sharing that knowledge in a meaningful way with the community. Benefits We have a comprehensive benefits package but here are some of the fun perks: Free catered lunch daily, breakfast on Mondays, all the snacks you can eat and Happy Hour on a Friday (yes, free as in beer). Free onsite gym and 25% fitness reimbursement. Ruthless ping-pong tournaments and seasonal sports clubs - volleyball, basketball, soccer, etc. Endless company sponsored events. Transit reimbursement, paid parking and shuttle service. Annual Amazon discount. Access to Amazon Web Services and much more... Basic Qualifications Great front end web development skills. Javascript, HTML, CSS. Experience with HTML5, React, angular, Ember, NodeJS, ExtJS, JQuery or some combination. Tell us about your HTML5, Web Sockets, WebRTC, Web Workers, Audio/Video/Media Source experience too. WAI-ARIA and Accessibility. NVDA, JAWS and other screen readers. Progressive rendering, Responsive Design and modern browser techniques. Well-rounded engineering skills; full-stack development experience - web + services - If you've built something in your spare time send us the link, we'd love to hear about it. Strong problem solving skills; adaptable, proactive and willing to take ownership. A high-quality bar; just-enough documentation, unit testing, code reviews, test automation, continuous integration &amp; deployment and a preference for agile methods. Great communication skills - ability to think creatively and adapt the message to the audience. Preferred Qualifications Don't worry, we'll ramp you up but experience in any of these areas will help you hit the ground running: Dependency injection frameworks and associated techniques. Digital-media delivery, HTTP Adaptive Streaming, HLS, HDS, Smooth Streaming, MPEG, AAC &amp; MP3 processing. Personalization, distributed systems, Amazon Web Services. Automation - Continuous Integration/Deployment 	Software Development Engineer (Java-based Web Platform)	Audible, Inc.	Newark	NJ	Newark, NJ	Amazon.com	Fri, 16 Oct 2015 14:35:28 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=9b6179a9eb68f768&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2E1OUzNb2p71wqhT2Y6I12JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke9da419tp5m2
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	About MedAssets MedAssets (NASDAQ: MDAS) is a healthcare performance improvement company that combines strategic market insight with rapid operational execution to help providers sustainably serve the needs of their communities. More than 4,500 hospitals and 123,000 non-acute providers rely on our solutions to reduce the total cost of care, enhance operational efficiency, align clinical delivery and improve revenue performance across the System of CARE. For more information, go to www.medassets.com . Job Purpose: C# and ASP.NET programmer to develop database/xml-driven, multi-tiered business applications, tools, and reports. Must be a self-managing individual with good communication/documentation skills. Position Objectives: Deliver state of the art technologies to support Revenue Cycle Services products and programs Essential Duties &amp; Responsibilities: 3+ years of C# Programming Web (Classic ASP, ASP.NET) or Win Form Development Object Oriented Design and Development skills Microsoft SQL Server 2005/2008 database experience SQL XML JavaScript and JQuery Visual Studio Ability to multi-task. Minimum Qualifications &amp; Competencies: BA/BS in computer science, or related concentration Proven knowledge and experience in TSQL,C#, JavaScript and JQuery Demonstrated ability to work in a team environment that requires quick turnaround and quality output. Solid knowledge of all MS Office Products Travel: none MedAssets is an Equal Opportunity Employer and ensures its employment decisions comply with principles embodied in Title VII, the Age Discrimination in Employment Act, the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, the Vietnam Veterans Readjustment Assistance Act of 1974, Executive Order 11246, Revised Order Number 4, and applicable state regulations. 	Software Engineer (C#, ASP.Net, SQL)	MedAssets, Inc	Saddle River	NJ	Saddle River, NJ	MedAssets, Inc	Tue, 27 Oct 2015 17:48:39 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=0a8afb138834ed5b&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1d3ejwsp4o-UBQ1NYExHsGJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke9gq218dr4mo
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Great Core JAVA Full Time Opportunity! Please send qualified resumes to lee.goldberg@rht.com Software Engineers will be part of the development team will work within a software development lifecycle that includes, but is not limited to source code control, issue management, analytics, automated decisioning process, date integration and unit testing. The candidate will be acting as the technical expert in helping in the development of the next version of a one of our flagship applications. The candidate will assist in identifying problems with integration of EJBs, web services, and platform/database compatibility. This may also include being the lead on proposals, projects, and promoting new architecture tools, processes, and techniques. Will assist in identifying, defining, and analyzing legacy and emerging systems and software designs. Helps oversee software transitions to production. Monitors health of systems in production to help identify issues. Coordinate system development tasks to include design, reviews, integration and formal testing. Translate business requirements into design strategies and patterns. Helps mentors other team members on Agile and TTD software development methods and techniques. Troubleshoots, identifies root causes. Essential Job Requirements: EDUCATION: Bachelor or Masters Degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering or Mathematics required EXPERIENCE: 5 years software development experience as a Java Developer A minimum of 3+ years of experience with Java, Spring, multi-threaded systems preferred. Experience directing projects to an efficient solution while meeting aggressive timelines. Ability to clearly and concisely articulate ideas, thoughts, and opinions during requirements and design sessions with the development team. Excellent verbal and written communication skills Willing to take initiative, learn quickly and be able to adapt to shifting priorities is essential. Strong attention to detail Experience in the commercial banking or financial services industries a plus Please send qualified resumes to lee.goldberg@rht.com	Software Engineer - Core Java	Robert Half Technology	Morris Plains	NJ	Morris Plains, NJ	Robert Half Technology	Tue, 03 Nov 2015 11:52:57 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=dc6b2732ff6113ab&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1d3ejwsp4o-UBQ1NYExHsGJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke9gq218dr4mo
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Blue Line Talent is seeking a Software Engineer with strengthsin Java for this full time direct opportunity for development support with our client in Jersey City, NJ. This is an exciting opportunity to develop your technical skills, as you learn collateral management and are exposed to the derivatives domain in financial services. Join a mid-sized organization offering technical challenges, a quality corporate culture with stability and excellent benefits. Position Title: Software Engineer - Development Support - Java About the Client: Long established financial services industry firm Competitive base pay plus generous bonus potential Comprehensive benefits including 401(k) retirement, pension, etc. Location: Jersey City, NJ Position Details: Ensure effective support of client production issues and enhancing product. Identify and resolve issues reported by customers using effective root cause analysis and defect fixing. Support process improvement. Assist in product and process improvement to make operation support more effective Experience Profile: 3+ years in software development and supportwith current experience devoted to Java DB - MS SQL Server UNIX - shell scripts Ability to document and communicate complex business and technology problems Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills Excellent communication skills required forcustomer facing skills EE technologies - Spring, Hibernate etc. Knowledge of the Software Development Lifecycle and post production support processes Stable record of direct employment Helpful/Preferred: Financial Services, securities, investments, trading systems or related industry experience BS (MS preferred) in Computer Science, or related technical or engineering subject Knowledge of RMI, Java Swing, Java script Knowledge of Application Servers Jboss/Weblogic NOTES: No third party inquiries This is direct hire role Local candidates strongly preferred Candidates with strong connection to New Jerseyand commitment to move can be considered Please apply at: www.bluelinetalent.com/active_jobs Ron Levis Principal Mgr of Talent Acquisition Blue Line Talent, LLC www.bluelinetalent.com www.linkedin.com/in/ronlevis (Invites are welcome) Moderator, Boston IT Community on LinkedIn (join the discussions!) Blue Line Talent	Software Engineer - Development Supt. - Java	Blue Line Talent, LLC	Jersey City	NJ	Jersey City, NJ	Blue Line Talent, LLC	Wed, 28 Oct 2015 01:56:00 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=8674ccd4719cc513&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1d3ejwsp4o-UBQ1NYExHsGJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke9gq218dr4mo
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	thePlatform, a wholly owned subsidiary of Comcast,is the leading provider of online video publishing and management solutions. Media companies rely on our cloud-based video platform as their open, central hub for managing, monetizing, and syndicating billions of internet video views each year. thePlatform's services provide unmatched versatility for designing and supporting streaming video businesses on PCs, mobile devices, and TV. Some of our customers include SyFy, Fox Sports Network, NBC Sports, National Geographic, Comcast, British Telecom, Travel Channel, and more. This position offers a tremendous opportunity to contribute to the release of high profile consumer-facing video web sites for one of the largest media companies in the world. As a Software Test Engineer for thePlatform's Consulting Services you will be part of a distributed, cross-functional team working with the latest video technologies.Our Software Test Engineers are tightly integrated with development teams working in short, iterative development cycles. They ensure that quality objectives are well understood and that projects meet these objectives. With cutting edge approaches to software testing, empathy for the customer and eye for detail, thePlatform has built a legacy of helping to deliver stable, high quality services that satisfy customer demand.We are looking for testers who want to go beyond simply filing bugs: testers who will use their creativity and technical know-how to take quality products to the next level, testers who will work hand-in-hand with developers to build a deep understanding of the back-end technologies fueling the internet video revolution.Responsibilities: Validate video players and plugins in HTML5 web sites. Work closely with clients and project stakeholders to define expectations and acceptance criteria. Partner with developers and other QA engineers to create test plans from functional specifications. Define and execute manual test cases through dynamic user interfaces as well as interacting with back-end services. Help identify ways to enhance testing strategy with new tools, processes or techniques. Provide stakeholders with concrete measurements of project quality. Represent QA in design and functional requirement reviews. Take ownership for the quality of the software that is shipped. Push yourself to learn from a seasoned team of Internet and video experts (a strong intellectual curiosity is a must)Requirements: At least 3-5 years of software testing experience. Self-motivation, a desire to learn how things work, and the dedication to master challenges. Strong problem solving, organizational and communication skills. Bachelor's Degree or equivalent industry experience.Preferred Requirements: Experience with JavaScript, CSS, and HTML5. Experience with XML &amp; JSON. Experience with mobile platforms including iOS and Android. Experience with streaming media and digital rights management. Experience with RESTful services, Service Oriented Architecture, and distributed systems.About thePlatform: We are a team of incredibly bright and driven people, who also believe in having fun. We enjoy a dynamic and flexible work environment, and hope you will consider joining us.This position will be filled at our sister company NBCU's Englewood Cliffs office. As a subsidiary of Comcast, thePlatform offers competitive compensation and spectacular benefits typically seen only at very large organizations. The following are a few of the many benefits we provide: Company bonuses A 401k where we match 100% up to 4.5% of your contribution 21 days paid time off + 7 paid holidays Great medical, dental, vision insurance for you and your family Comcast Restricted Stock Units Employee Stock Purchasing Plan Free Comcast Cable and Internet Flex Spending Account Life Insurance Tuition Reimbursement Shuttle to NJ from Manhattan Core Responsibilities: - Writes and executes tests to validate products and software applications.- Contributes to the development of Quality Assurance test philosophies and methodologies. Identifies viable test strategies in order to supporttesting product functionality.- Collaborates with product and development teams to identify product and technical requirements.- Reviews and verifies requirements and design specifications for validity in overall product design, with an emphasis towards producttestability and verification.- Ensures proper execution of regression test procedures and automated test suites and scripts. Participates in design, code and functionalproduct reviews.- Works with other Quality Assurance Engineers or Software Engineers to identify, reproduce and document bugs or defects.- Assists in providing guidance and mentorship for junior-level Quality Assurance Engineers. Provides technical leadership and consultation withregards to practices, procedures and techniques.- Supports trials of new infrastructure designs/services.- Consistent exercise of independent judgment and discretion in matters of significance.- Regular, consistent and punctual attendance. Must be able to work nights and weekends, variable schedule(s) as necessary.- Other duties and responsibilities as assigned.Job Specification: - Bachelors Degree or Equivalent- Engineering, Computer Science- Generally requires 5-8 years related experience Comcast is an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action workplace employer.	Software Test Engineer-thePlatform	Comcast	Englewood Cliffs	NJ	Englewood Cliffs, NJ	Comcast	Wed, 28 Oct 2015 02:33:04 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=81c46ab35819835d&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1d3ejwsp4o-UBQ1NYExHsGJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke9gq218dr4mo
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	About you: You’re a Front End Engineer that wants to work on 100’s of consumer facing digital brands. You love the idea of on of the largest brand names in media backing everything you do. You want to get into Angular, React, Node and other JavaScript frameworks. About us: Our internal Digital Products and Interactive Media group is responsible for the design, implementation, and operations of over 100 consumer-facing digital products and experiences. Our group of folks is based globally with New York operations in Times Square. What’s the job? The team is seeking a Front End Software Engineer to build software solutions for the 100’s of consumer-facing websites we own and operate. This role requires wide-ranging web development skills, technical expertise in modern front-end technologies, and proficiency in building the theme layer of Content Management Systems. The Software Engineer will work within the Software Engineering team, and will build out features from a backlog in an Agile software development environment. Some Responsibilities Develop and maintain the theme layer of web applications Build performant websites that conform to our front-end standards Contribute to technical documentation Accurately scope the time required for completing development tasks Collaborate with designers, project managers, developers and site owners on technical projects What do you need? Professional experience working on a web engineering team Strong fundamental understanding of both front-end and back-end web development technologies Experience with Responsive Web Design Team player with strong analytical, problem-solving and communication skills Researches new technologies that will benefit the team Ability to work independently with little to no direction and multitask while remaining productive and conscious of timelines What Languages and Technologies should you know? HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, and integrating with REST services Familiarity with at least one JavaScript Framework/Platform (preferably Angular, Ember, Backbone, React, Node.js) Experience developing against CMS/Frameworks (preferably Drupal, Symfony, Twig) Tools: Git (command line), Grunt/Gulp, Sass/Less, Chrome/Firefox Developer Tools, Familiarity with design tools (i.e. Adobe Illustrator, Photoshop) Some other desired characteristics? Experience working on large-scale, high-traffic websites is a plus Working with Continuous Integration tools is a plus Experience with Agile/Scrum methodologies and familiarity with Rally are pluses B.S. degree or higher in Computer Science is a plus This is a full time role in NYC, and you must be authorized to work in the United States on a full-time basis. We offer top tier base salary, benefits, 401K, flexible environment, and a fun place to work. Apply today for immediate consideration.	Front End Software Engineer: Hundreds of Public Facing Media Sites	Averity	New York	NY	New York, NY	Averity	Tue, 20 Oct 2015 22:33:26 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=6e3ea7489c97e051&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1d3ejwsp4o-UBQ1NYExHsGJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke9gq218dr4mo
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Backend Software Engineer Solve hard problems with a team of infrastructure pros NSONE is a disruptive, fast moving internet infrastructure company bringing new technologies to market to solve the most challenging problems in DNS and traffic management. We operate a large global delivery infrastructure powered by our bleeding edge technology, helping companies answer the question of “what’s the best way for end users to connect to my application or website?” NSONE’s world class team of infrastructure experts is based in New York City with offices in San Francisco and Singapore. Tight-knit, customer focused, driven by innovation NSONE is not a sprawling, hierarchy addled behemoth. We are lean and fast, and there’s a tight loop among our entire team. We’re all about automation, intelligent distributed systems, and quick iteration. The role We’re looking to add a new member to our small but fast growing engineering team: an experienced Backend Software Engineer who can dive in to our extensively automated, globally distributed system, summoning their deep technical background to drive new innovation in the software and tools that run our cutting edge traffic management platform. We’re looking for an autodidact who can immerse themselves in our platform immediately, leveraging existing technical strengths and teaching themselves the systems that are new to them. You should have broad knowledge of the technologies in modern infrastructure operations and automation and be able to offer constructive advice for improvements while using and scaling the systems in our existing platform. You’ll take responsibility for the quality of your code, and your daily work will have an immediate company-wide impact. Some stuff you’ll work on: Our globally distributed platform comprised of many subsystems including: custom architected, distributed servers DNS and traffic management client node monitoring internal load balancing client data ingestion internal metrics and statistics REST API Integrations with third party SaaS, APIs, and libraries Our extensive internal functional and unit testing suites Internal tools for development, building, testing and deployment Packet capture and analysis, DDoS mitigation tools Various Open Source projects, including our REST API clients and integrations Technologies We like to find the right tool for the job, and we’ll expect your sage advice to help make future decisions on which technologies should power our platform (and why they are best). Whatever the technology, we strive for provably maintainable, scalable, and secure systems. We run a custom stack in a very distributed network with infrastructure in various environments around the globe. Some tools we’re currently using to tie it all together include: Ansible Redis Linux MongoDB Vagrant RabbitMQ Python (Twisted) Hadoop/HDFS/OpenTSDB C, Go BPF and packet analysis Working @ NSONE We’re a small, well funded startup with a casual work environment and strong work ethic. There’s a lot to do so we keep meetings and process to a minimum. We’re headquartered in NYC’s Financial District. We like to have fun, but skip most of the fancy startup gimmicks (fresh beer yes, gourmet chef and afternoon yoga no). We prefer candidates local to NYC or SFO, but will happily consider well qualified remote employees. We offer: competitive compensation (salary and stock options) medical, dental, and vision commuter benefits 401k flexible hours and time off NSONE is an equal opportunity employer.	Backend Software Engineer	NSONE	New York	NY	New York, NY	NSONE	Sat, 26 Sep 2015 04:09:56 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=3bb124fbe252fc80&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1d3ejwsp4o-UBQ1NYExHsGJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke9gq218dr4mo
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	The Software Engineer II is responsible for the development &amp; maintenance of SUNY Westchester Community College’s software systems. The incumbent will support the applications that support student success: college readiness, enrollment management, retention, and completion. S/he will troubleshoot end user problems and provide quality solutions; analyze end-user needs, document requirements and translate into proper system design specifications; apply the appropriate life cycle methodology; develop and maintain computer objects, classes, methods and application packages; develop queries and reports; test application, database, and software upgrades. *This is a Civil Service position. The final candidate will be required to take and pass the Civil Service Exam.* QUALIFICATIONS: A Bachelor’s Degree and two years of experience (pre- or post-degree) designing and programming application software in Microsoft SQL is required. Functional and technical knowledge of Curriculog, Taskstream, DegreeWorks, 25Live and PeopleSoft’s Campus Solutions is preferred. Proficiency in SQL Server, Apache, Weblogic, XML, LDAP and PeopleSoft development tools (PeopleCode, PeopleTools, App Engine, Query, &amp; SQR) are preferred skills. POSITION EFFECTIVE: The position will remain open until filled. SALARY &amp; BENEFITS: The starting salary is $74,580 plus competitive benefits. TO APPLY: Please send a resume, cover letter and three letters of recommendation to: humanresources@sunywcc.edu . Please indicate “Software Engineer II” in the subject line of the email or mail to: Director, Human Resources Westchester Community College HR Department, Administration Building- Suite B42 75 Grasslands Road Valhalla, NY 10595 Fax: (914) 606-7838 DEADLINE FOR APPLICATIONS: Applications will be accepted until the position is filled. Westchester Community College provides accessible, high quality and affordable education to meet the needs of our diverse community. We are committed to student success, academic excellence and lifelong learning. Westchester Community College is an Equal Opportunity/ Affirmative Action employer.	Software Engineer II	Westchester Community College	Valhalla	NY	Valhalla, NY	Westchester Community College	Thu, 17 Sep 2015 15:43:56 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=ec5a70733d793da5&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1d3ejwsp4o-UBQ1NYExHsGJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke9gq218dr4mo
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	A technically strong hands on expert who can p rovide thought leadership in the areas of Solr capabilities, including indexing, configuration &amp; optimization for Scholastic’s web properties. She/He must be able to design, build and support business requirements around SOLR/Lucene search engine and SEO. The candidate should have a solid understanding of overall search architecture including d esign and implementation of user interface changes for search solutions using HTML5, JavaScript, and Open Source JavaScript frameworks. Practical hands on knowledge about Solr – Knows Schema.xml, solrconfig.xml, dismax, tie parameter, optimization, and optimization. Strong knowledge of Lucene API, taxonomy and search optimization techniques. Adept at programming in Java and experience with ETLs. Serves as the subject matter expert (SME) for search optimization across Scholastic’s web and content properties. Determines and develops architectural approaches and solutions, conducts business reviews, documents current systems and develops recommendations of how to proceed with the applications Evaluates existing or proposed systems for the business, and devises computer systems and related procedures to solve the business need Devises or modifies procedures to solve problems considering system(s) capacity and limitations, operation time, and form of desired results Strong sense of ownership and accountability with a commitment to delivering quality outcomes that balance technical and business goals. Qualifications 10+ years of experience in the eCommerce/Content space with a focus on search engines (GSA, SOLR, Lucene, etc.) 5+ years Search Engine Optimization experience. Experience on Demandware based eCommerce Platforms and/or Adobe Experience managing based web CMS platforms. Knowledge of Google Analytics and Webmaster tools Experience working with technical SEO tools such as Screaming Frog, SEMRush, and Moz. Understanding of HTML, CSS, JavaScript Strong communication skills with the ability to effectively interface with business as well as technical teams. Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or Engineering 	Principal Software Engineer (Search/SEO) (STS)	Scholastic	New York	NY	New York, NY	Scholastic	Mon, 21 Sep 2015 20:52:14 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=3b4c8067a8842092&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1d3ejwsp4o-UBQ1NYExHsGJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke9gq218dr4mo
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	12Sided is looking to hire a versatile engineer to work on real-time data collection systems for high-throughput network traffic analysis, at rates upwards of 40Gbps. The Opportunity This might be just the opportunity for you if... ... you’re an experienced (3-5 years) C/C++ developer on Linux who is comfortable working with other languages like Python and Lua; ... the idea of dealing with real-time, latency sensitive data excites you, so awareness of resource management (cache bandwidth management, NUMA awareness, etc.) and comfort with such setups is second nature; ... network protocols are just something you pick up casually reading RFCs and specs, and Wireshark is just a handy tool for reverse engineering them where needed; ... you love the idea of working in a fast-paced startup environment, where you’ll get to make technical decisions and build the foundation of an innovative product to transform the way businesses look at their infrastructure; ... spending a few days hacking on a web front-end sounds like a nice change of pace every now and then; and ... you live in New York or the surrounding area, and working in Manhattan is something that interests you or you're willing to move to New York to be part of our exciting startup. Additionally, if you’re experienced in Linux Kernel hacking/driver development, building concurrent data structures and the internals of Intel CPU microarchitecture, that is all the better. Our tech stack consists of: Core systems written in C and x86-64 Assembly Low-speed analytics written in Lua Web dashboard backend is OpenResty/nginx with jQuery on the front-end Skills &amp; Requirements Required Skills: Working knowledge of distributed version control (we use Git); Self-motivating, willing to take ownership of your components' entire lifecycle; Strong C/C++ experience, (i.e. current job involves &gt;80% of your time working on C/C++ code); Strong Linux knowledge is a must, other real-time OSes are nice to have (OS internals, process management, memory management, etc.); Comfortable with UNIX-style command line for your day-to-day tasks. Miscellaneous: Must be authorized to work in the United States. About 12Sided Technology, LLC We are an awesome team of engineers coming out of financial services/HFT, high performance computing, big data and telecommunications. We’re a young company looking to make a big splash in the security sector. Our motivation is to build the best technology possible, and cut through layers of legacy that hamper existing solutions. We value creativity in building the most efficient solutions most effectively. Some perks at 12Sided include: Health Insurance Equity options + annual bonus Frequent team lunches, at least once a week An amazing view of downtown Manhattan Company-provided laptop (Macbook Pro)	Real-Time Systems Software Engineer at Networking Startup	12Sided Technology, LLC	New York	NY	New York, NY	StackOverflow Jobs	Sun, 18 Oct 2015 08:09:18 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=cbf11de672a8bd63&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1d3ejwsp4o-UBQ1NYExHsGJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke9gq218dr4mo
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	**\#Location – Piscataway, NJ** **About iconectiv** Telcordia Technologies, Inc\., a wholly owned subsidiary of Ericsson, doing business as **iconectiv** , develops market leading solutions that enable operators to interconnect networks, devices and applications critical to evolving the global telecommunications marketplace\. iconectiv's powerful, trusted, neutral solutions for the telecommunications industry includes number portability clearinghouses, mobile messaging services, anti\-theft mobile device registries, spectrum management databases and other interconnection information services\. **iconectiv's** solutions are used by more than 1,000 operators, regulators and content providers and are currently used to provide services to over 1 billion end users\. As welook to expand our team,weare looking for an experienced Security specialist to test and verify iconectiv services and the associated systems, applications, network and data base components\. This will entail applying information and software security best practices, technologies and tools to the software design, implementation and sustainment of various iconectiv products and services\. The successful candidate will have hands\-on experience with the Software Development Lifecycle \(SDLC\) and applying robust Cybersecurity best practices to large database and high\-transaction and informational types of software systems, with particular expertise in software and system security testing, vulnerability analysis and the mitigation of identified Cybersecurity vulnerabilities\. This position will report to the Chief Information Security Officer, and work with solutions architects, and software development and operations staff to ensure that security best practices are considered, designed in, tested and verified and maintained throughout the SDLC\. Further, this position will assist in the effort to enhance a secure software development methodology and to evaluate associated tools and products to meet iconectiv requirements as well as meets the security policies set forth by the iconectiv CISO and customer requirements\. **Responsibilities: ** The Software Security Testing Engineer will: + Analyze, assess and identify cybersecurity and operational threats and vulnerabilities in iconectiv product and services’ software architecture and associated SDLC activities in delivering the customer service + Develop and document testing and analysis capabilities and methodologies to address the different types of security testing \(e\.g\., vulnerability scanning, penetration testing\) required for the software, systems and networks including third party products and services + Use security testing and assessment tools and methodologies to perform independent verification and validation \(IV&amp;V\) of the security of systems, applications, networks and data bases\. This entails designing, documenting and executing security test cases to identify vulnerabilities and document prioritized findings and recommended risk mitigation solutions + Work with iconectiv software developers and operations staff and third parties to remediate the vulnerabilities **Required Qualifications** : Bachelor’sdegree or equivalent experience inComputer Science, Computer Engineering and Systems Engineering Experience with Agile software development, different software languages and tools, UNIX, Linux and Windows platforms and data bases systems Experience analyzing software code for vulnerabilities using static, dynamic and other security testing techniques Experience with vulnerability scanning and testing tools, interpreting results and prioritizing findings based on risk level High level analytical skills and strongsoftwaretechnical skills Ability to understand, interpretand analyze diverse SDLCactivitiesfrom a cybersecurity perspective Strong ITand SoftwareSecurity knowledgeand cybersecurity best practices + Minimum 5\-years of experience in Information Security with a focus on software and security testing\. + U\.S\. citizen with the ability to get a government clearance if required **Relocation Benefits: ** This position is not eligible for relocation assistance\. DISCLAIMER: The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by employees assigned to this classification\. They are not intended to be construed as an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties and skills required of employees assigned to this position\. Therefore, employees assigned may be required to perform additional job tasks required by Leadership\.We are proud to be an EOE Minorities/Females/Protected Veterans/Disabled employer\. The Company’s status is a VEVRAA Federal Contractor\. Request Priority ProtectedVeteran Referrals\. We maintain a drug\-free workplace and perform pre\-employment substance abuse testing\.JCL: 1248/G05052015	Software Security Testing Engineer NI - Job ID 1183	iconectiv	Piscataway	NJ	Piscataway, NJ	iconectiv	Mon, 19 Oct 2015 21:19:20 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=799ee8f1ad4cfa9f&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1d3ejwsp4o-UBQ1NYExHsGJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke9gq218dr4mo
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Software Engineer - iOS Do you like our iOS app and want to bring it to the next level? Do you have ideas on how we can continue to improve the service for users around the world? Then you should join Uber's mobile team in NYC. Our engineering efforts are just getting started, so help shape the culture, work on a small team and be on the ground floor of something big. WE'RE LOOKING FOR Experience developing, releasing, and maintaining native iOS applications (point us to your work in the App Store) Deep knowledge of Objective-C Experience collaborating on software projects with design and backend aspects BONUS POINTS Insightful opinions about developing for mobile A GitHub account with some cool projects in it Scary amazing debugging skills Experience developing location aware mobile applications Experience developing testing suites for mobile applications Experience with web technologies (JavaScript, CSS, HTML5) TEAMS Uber Everything will collapse the time and distance between everyone and everything they want. Initially, we’re focusing on UberEATS (on-demand food in 10 minutes or less) and UberRush (quickly moving everything around the world), but, as the team grows, we will be building the next generation of Uber’s logistics platform. Define Uber’s future by building it with us. Mobile Platform is building a monitoring system to help our teams measure everything in our applications. Understanding how network performance, startup time, battery usage, and frame rates vary around the world lets our engineering groups make quick, correct decisions about how and what to improve. PERKS Be showered with Uber credits each month Beautiful new office in Chelsea Delicious catered lunches Sharp, motivated co-workers in a fun office environment Unlimited vacation policy so you can work hard and take time when you need it COMPENSATION Competitive salary Equity compensation plan 401(k) Generous medical, dental and vision coverage to fit your needs Gym reimbursement Help us make transportation so available and affordable that private ownership of automobiles becomes a relic of the past. Reinvent logistics to create a world where everything can be delivered on-demand. Help us build a packet switched network for the physical world.	Software Engineer - iOS (New York)	Uber Technologies	New York	NY	New York, NY	Uber	Mon, 28 Sep 2015 21:17:00 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=19980ed5c4d6b4de&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1d3ejwsp4o-UBQ1NYExHsGJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke9gq218dr4mo
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Rubicon Project is looking for talented, passionate, experienced, and entrepreneurial engineers in big data. You will be responsible for the design, development, and operation of a multi-terabyte data processing framework in an agile environment using Hadoop/Pig/HBase/Greenplum/Java. This role requires the candidate to possess, or have a willingness to acquire, skills in large-volume data analysis with Hadoop/NoSQL technologies. Required experience/skills: 4+ years of overall software development experience with a minimum of 2 years of core java backend technologies. Great interpersonal, written and verbal communication skills; including the ability to create technical specifications, debate technical tradeoffs, and explain technical concepts to business users A strong understanding of algorithms and data structures, and their performance characteristics Proficiency in working and developing on Linux Experience supporting operations teams with deployments and debugging production issues. Experience responding to feature requests, bug reports, performance issues and ad-hoc questions Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, Engineering (or equivalent professional experience) Preferred Background: 1+years of experience working with Hadoop/Pig/Hive/Hbase/MapReduce with Java. Interest in machine learning, data mining, and analytics Experience in building back-end systems for an Internet startup ad technology company Proficient in Agile development, and able to integrate tightly with business and operations teams Experience with automated testing (TDD, Mocking, Unit/Functional/Integration) Experience with development continuous integration tools like maven, bamboo, git, Jenkins, Crucible, etc. Experience with Cloud Computing basic systems administration Experience with NoSQL data stores About Rubicon Project: Rubicon Project is the leading technology company automating the buying and selling of advertising globally. Our goal is to build and grow a truly unique company. From the passionate problem solvers we hire, our commitment to culture, the scale and scope of the products and infrastructure we engineer, to the way we partner with our customers (and help them deliver value to their customers), and creative rewards for our team members, we aim to make the Rubicon Project something people are excited to be a part of every day.	Senior Software Engineer - Big Data	Rubicon Project	New York	NY	New York, NY	Rubicon Project	Tue, 29 Sep 2015 16:54:31 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=27e2ed071c494467&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1d3ejwsp4o-UBQ1NYExHsGJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke9gq218dr4mo
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Software Development Engineer II (SDE II) Technology – Web | New York, NY, United States ComiXology is looking for a Software Development Engineer to join our web/SOA development team focusing on designing and implementing innovative features. Our goal is to provide exciting, innovative and diverse work to keep both our staff and consumers engaged. We promise you will not be bored; in fact your efforts will directly impact our millions of users who rave about our products as much as we do. What You’ll Do: · Join a team of software engineers responsible for the design, development, and testing of the comiXology platform · Translate business data and information into program design · Tackle daily challenges providing creative problem solving recommendations About Us: ComiXology, an Amazon.com, Inc. subsidiary (NASDAQ: AMZN), has revolutionized the comic book and graphic novel industry by delivering a cloud-based digital comics platform that makes discovering, buying, and reading comics more fun than ever before. ComiXology’s Guided View reading technology transforms the comic book medium into an immersive and cinematic experience, helping comiXology become a top ten grossing iPad app in 2011 and 2012 and the top grossing non-game iPad app in 2012 and 2013. Offering the broadest library of comic book content from over 75 publishers – and independent creators as well – comiXology will not stop until everyone on the face of the planet has become a comic book fan. ComiXology is based in New York City. For more information visit www.comixology.com. ComiXology is an equal opportunity employer. Basic Qualifications Who You Are and What You Do: · 5+ years experience working with the following technologies: o Java, C# o Relational and No SQL Databases o Familiarity with Linux o MVC frameworks o JavaScript / jQuery (UI) o HTML5 and CSS3 · Proficiency in object oriented development and ability to apply OO concepts. · Knowledge of unit testing frameworks (JUnit) · Excellent interpersonal, business management, time management, and developmental skills. · Experience with version control – Git or SVN · Demonstrated ability to meet or beat assigned targets and deadlines under normal circumstances, and ability to make trade-offs and when needed to optimize outcome when conditions change · Ability to communicate with other employees in the company in both technical and non-technical roles. · Degree in computer science or equivalent degree Preferred Qualifications Would Be Great: · PHP 5.x · Extensive experience in Java, Spring, · Angular, Node Js, bootstrap · You tell great jokes · REST/RPC API design and development · Experience with protocol buffers · knowledge Amazon Web Services · You enjoy Bagel Breakfast Wednesdays · Sphinx search engine integration · Experience developing applications for Android and iOS devices (which means knowledge of Java and Obj-C) · You’re a fan of comics! · Are an inspiration for innovation	Software Development Engineer II -SDE II- comiXology	Iconology, Inc. d/b/a comiXology	New York	NY	New York, NY	Amazon.com	Mon, 21 Sep 2015 21:59:02 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=d4569db536f42bf3&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1d3ejwsp4o-UBQ1NYExHsGJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke9gq218dr4mo
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Job Details Software Engineer Job Location Lyndhurst, NJ Job Duration Full Time Principal Duties and Essential Responsibilities Responsible for required software design, implementation, unitintegration testing within assigned projects Contribute to or lead design reviews for their specific project Contribute to system test case review Contribute to functional testing Produce and use metrics to continuously improve the process of building software and the associated artifacts. Engages in limited research activities on new technologies and to improve the product line Help ensure the quality and completeness of team deliverables Help analyze and provide fixes to product issues reported by customers in fields Operates under minimal supervision and is capable of independent action Serve as subject matter expert in specialized areas of technology and product functions Minimum Requirements BSBA in Computer Science or related fields 5+ years of software development experience with expertise in the following areas Windows applicationsservices development (Windows 2008, 7, 8) C, .Net, IIS, web services GUI development with WPF SQL Server database development Strong organizational, time management, project leadership skills. Good written and verbal communication skills Ability to work in a collaborative team environment. Ability to prioritize personal tasks and communicate tasks across team boundaries. Ability to conduct unit and integration testing. Ability to perform root cause analysis on encountered problems and bring problems to closure. Ability to troubleshoot and debug product issues reported from the field. Solid understanding with Agile andor other software development methodologies, along with demonstrated experience in all phases of the software development lifecycle Experience in fault-tolerant, or highly-available, distributed systems Experience in Object Oriented analysis and design General understanding and proven real-world design experience with operating system fundamentals (multi-processing, multi-threading, inter-process communication, disk IO, network IO, memory allocation, etc.). Proven ability to develop multithreaded server side code Preferred Requirements Experience with enterprise software development projects Experience and knowledge in multimedia rendering technology Programming experience with real-time, high performance, network related applications is a plus Knowledge in telecom or VOIP technology Experience with Java or C++ Experience in developing applications in IOS Expertise in software tuning tools WIX based MSI Send resumes to manikmmtechnologies.com C#, .Net, IIS, web services, VOIP, telecom, java,C++	Software Engineer	KMM Technologies, Inc	Lyndhurst	NJ	Lyndhurst, NJ	Dice	Fri, 06 Nov 2015 15:42:04 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=10cbdb25b378809f&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1d3ejwsp4o-UBQ1NYExHsGJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke9gq218dr4mo
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Our Software Engineers are extraordinarily passionate and driven by technology. We thrive on designing simple and scalable solutions to complex problems and delivering leading edge software products for our customers. At Dealertrack technologies we are looking for exceptionally ambitious and communicative hands-on individuals who are comfortable working in fast-paced environments and who have passion and skills to take our product offering to the next level. Job Overview: As a Senior Software Engineer, you will work in a collaborative team environment that encourages you to perform at your best, and challenges you to engineer elegant solutions for complex business problems. You will architect, design and develop robust software systems with unit and systems testing. You will need to be able to quickly learn and use new technologies, troubleshoot difficult problems and be an expert with the software lifecycle including scoping and estimation of requirements along with writing of technical documentation. Technology we use: Github Enterprise, Continuous Integration, Jenkins, Python, Django, Celery, Django Rest Framework, SQLAlchemy, Redis, MongoDB and vagrant. We make use of modern processes and technologies wherever possible, including Github Pull Requests for code review, continuous deployment to our test environments, strict adherence to best practices, recommended code style and layout (PEP-8) and a strong drive around unit testing all our code. This gives us the confidence and ability to make significant refactoring changes across a large codebase quickly, without fear of having broken some code somewhere else. Responsibilities: •Coding of SaaS applications in an Agile development environment •Developing automated tests, predicting areas of risk, and coordinating with our QA staff to achieve the best blend of error prevention and error detection possible •Collaborate with other developers on best practices, code reviews, internal tools and process improvements •Guide, coach and mentor team members as required, assisting in the team’s skills development during software development projects •Ability to work independently; designing, developing and deploying solutions, and to deliver projects on time with minimal direction Skills and Experience: BA/BS degree in Computer Science or related field At least 7+ years of Web development experience Strong Python development skills Proven track record designing and implementing web applications with highly optimized and scalable architectures. Experience with Django Solid understanding of web services and message passing architecture Knowledge of jBoss or other Java Application Servers Experience developing in a Linux environment Ability and desire to learn new skills and technologies Ability to work independently; designing, developing and deploying solutions, and to deliver projects on time with minimal direction Excellent verbal and written communication skills Proficiency in object oriented design and development Experience using source control (Git, Mercurial), IDEs, and defect tracking tools Experience developing in a Linux environment Ability and desire to learn new skills and technologies Ability to work independently; designing, developing and deploying solutions, and to deliver projects on time with minimal direction Excellent verbal and written communication skills Proficiency in object oriented design and development Experience using source control (Git, Mercurial), IDEs, and defect tracking tools DealerTrack Company Culture: Dealertrack is a dynamic, innovative technology company that revolutionized the automotive retail industry with the first online finance and credit application network in 2001. Our state-of-the-art, web-based solutions are embraced by all major segments of the automotive retailing trade including dealers, financing sources, original equipment manufacturers (OEMs), third-party retailers, agents and aftermarket providers, fueling our tremendous growth. At Dealertrack we believe that our uncompromising technology and services are powered by the collaboration of our talented staff, join us in taking our product offerings to the next level. To view all of our open positions go to www.dealertrack.com/portal/careers-home and follow us on twitter @DT_Careers to get the latest updates on new opportunities.	Sr. Software Engineer - Python	Dealertrack Technologies, Inc.	Lake Success	NY	Lake Success, NY	Dealertrack	Fri, 16 Oct 2015 19:58:46 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=0b50b91f048f30a9&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1d3ejwsp4o-UBQ1NYExHsGJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke9gq218dr4mo
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Adaptly Engineering is looking to hire talented, product-focused, front-end engineers to help build the best ad management application on the market. The successful candidate will utilize their strong technical expertise in best-of-breed web technologies to analyze business requirements, collaborate with internal development groups, and design and build complex front-end applications that bring the power of cross-platform advertising to our global client base. This is not a “convert the mocks into pixel-perfect HTML” position. At the center of our web application are complex abstractions that allow us to deploy and manage campaigns for different publishers and interact with, analyze, and edit large quantities of data. While we do spend some time tangling with HTML templates and CSS specificity, our bigger challenges concern efficiently processing graph-structured data and writing robust and maintainable asynchronous code. Most of our front-end is written in JavaScript and CoffeeScript with Backbone, but we are moving toward the ES6 standard and React to build new features. We have multiple openings at junior and senior levels according to ability and experience. Requirements Strong problem-solving and debugging skills with focus on logic. Willingness to own features from beginning to end. 1+ years of hands on professional development experience. 1+ years working with JavaScript, HTML, and CSS/SASS and ability to create elegant and maintainable code. Experience building single page web apps using client side JS frameworks (Backbone, React, or similar). Bonus Points Experience with JS testing frameworks (e.g. Jasmine). Familiarity with ES6 language features. Familiarity with CoffeeScript Back-end experience building APIs and working with databases. Interest in learning and applying new technologies. Our back-end stack consists of Ruby on Rails, Clojure, Postgres, and Redis. For each new employee, we provide guidance, mentoring, encouragement to excel, and top-shelf equipment as well as QA and DevOps support. Our managers will provide you with valuable direction and, together with our team leads, will guide you in your work by delivering meaningful feedback at all points along the way. You can expect to have direct responsibility for complex tasks and engage in research assignments. You will be working along side motivated, driven, and smart professionals that recognize and appreciate smart work and personal initiative. We offer a casual, team-oriented work environment, a comprehensive compensation package with short and long term performance incentives, multiple benefit plans, the opportunity to participate in the firm’s many activities, and the chance to continuously grow and adapt in your career path.	Software Engineer (Front-End)	Adaptly Inc.	New York	NY	New York, NY	Adaptly Inc.	Sun, 27 Sep 2015 08:06:50 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=d0fc8af027c6e162&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1d3ejwsp4o-UBQ1NYExHsGJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke9gq218dr4mo
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Do you want to revolutionize the way people learn online? Do you have strong product ideas, and an enthusiasm for building and shipping rapidly? Codecademy is looking for a versatile full-stack engineer who is passionate about teaching technical skills to millions of people across the world, and building the best online learning environment. If you value creating polished digital experiences, building scalable systems, and understanding customer and business needs to create awesome web and mobile products, Codecademy is the place for you! You are someone who is familiar with the full software life cycle, can adapt quickly with a small, collaborative team, and thrives on envisioning, building, and implementing new products from scratch. You?ll work directly with our co-founders, product engineers and lead designer to help make product decisions, and prototype new or experimental features that will impact millions of worldwide Codecademy learners. Requirements Computer Science degree or equivalent Mastery of JavaScript and at least two other dynamic programming languages (preferably including Ruby) Experience building at-scale production applications on top of a cloud architecture (preferably including AWS) Familiarity with scaling at least one type of database system to 10,000+ R/W operations per second. Proven track record of having built and shipped a large web application High standards for code quality and testing Experience managing, hiring, or leading a team of software engineers Desirable: Experience using Ruby or Node.js in a production environment Experience using HTML/CSS/Javascript/AJAX in a production environment Experience building and administering systems related to virtualized development environments, API and recommendation engines Ability to participate in high level strategy discussions, work in areas outside of your comfort zone, and work quickly to get things done	Software Engineer	Codecademy	New York	NY	New York, NY	StartUpHire	Thu, 05 Nov 2015 11:01:28 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=29f12171a6685aae&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1d3ejwsp4o-UBQ1NYExHsGJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke9gq218dr4mo
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	We're looking for a JavaScript/ Web Engineer for Duolingo joining the team responsible for building the next generation of the platform and design to deliver immersive and distinctive 3D content in a web browser. The position is in Pittsburgh PA for a famous startup with relocation option .On any given day you may be writing a new REST service endpoint and then on another, building a user interface that delights customers and makes them smile. In short, you are a proud engineering generalist who can deftly traverse between the various layers of our technology stack. Skills &amp; Requirements QUALIFICATIONS JS Ninja, you know what a JS closure, scope is. A firm grasp of Computer Science fundamentals including object oriented design, data structure, algorithm design, problem solving and complexity analysis. Skilled at traversing existing code, addressing issues that need immediate attention balanced against long-term refactoring needs, business needs and code quality goals. Experience balancing short-term vs. long-term needs, business and customer needs, quality, and time to market. Willing and able to push back when appropriate to do the right thing Working knowledge of cross platform/browser compatibility issues (IE, Firefox, Safari, and Chrome). BONUS POINTS Experience working with a RESTful LAMP stack. Ability to challenge and push back : ) About Buzz Technologies Buzz is the fastest growing hiring platform that helps busy companies and job-seekers find and fill jobs -- fast. With placement rates over 77%, our peer-to-peer approach using seasoned experts across multiple industries evaluates candidates 5X faster with savings up to 40% versus traditional recruiting. Buzz takes the time, hassle, and cost out of job search, recruiting, and placement. Immediately see the difference in your efforts--guaranteed! \	Software Engineer, Web/JavaScript	Buzz Technologies	New York	NY	New York, NY	StackOverflow Jobs	Wed, 14 Oct 2015 07:51:45 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=33538080ebff8e08&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1d3ejwsp4o-UBQ1NYExHsGJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke9gq218dr4mo
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Job description * Act as subject matter expert on ActivePivot/APLive/Sentinel assisting clients on implementations, performance tuning and debugging * Participate in implementation projects, from design through acceptance * Provide technical support to customers * Manage communication (verbal and written) between the client, local office and product center – explaining issues, solutions, and next steps to clients, local office and product center. * Provide trainings to customers and integration partners * Support pre-sales activities. Required Skills and Experience BS/MS or equivalent in computer science * J2EE development experience * Knowledge and experience with Java technologies – Spring/Hibernate or JDO, JUnit, XML * Experience with Java development tools such as Eclipse * Knowledge of MDX * Knowledge of database and multithreading * Experience with open source technologies * Strong Analytical skills * Solid written and verbal communication skills * Self motivated with the ability to work autonomously and as part of a team * Ability to work in high-pressured, fast paced development environment * Experience in financial supply chain or logistics software development a plus * Knowledge/interest in Capital Markets and Financial concepts. Work Authorization: Must have Permanent Residence Job Type: Full-time Salary: $55,000.00 /year Local candidates only: New York, NY 10018 Required education: Bachelor's 	Software Engineer/Developer	Quartet FS	New York	NY	New York, NY	Indeed	Tue, 08 Sep 2015 20:45:40 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=df87ff8500432a77&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1d3ejwsp4o-UBQ1NYExHsGJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke9gq218dr4mo
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	A prominent investment management firm seeks a Software Engineer. Develop next-generation technology for hedge funds Architect solutions to support new business initiatives Lead efforts to reduce complexity in the firm's technology Develop core functionality for internal systems and frameworks Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science or MIS At least five years of relevant Software Engineer experience in a comparable environment Exceptional written and verbal communication skills Expertise in programming, server-side systems, databases, and messaging technology Python, Java, and/or AWS experience preferred 	Software Engineer	Abacus Group	New York	NY	New York, NY	Abacus Group	Thu, 15 Oct 2015 14:50:59 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=372f35c9380dee9c&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1d3ejwsp4o-UBQ1NYExHsGJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke9gq218dr4mo
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	For over 120 years, ASCO Power Technologies has been pioneering every major product innovation in power transfer technology. Today, we are an industry leader in the manufacturing of automatic transfer switches, industrial control products and power control systems, and the world leader in emergency and standby power transfer solutions. We are the Power Authority - committed to providing a full range of quality-driven products backed by 24-hour nationwide service support. ASCO Power Technologies, an industry leader in the manufacturing of automatic transfer switches, industrial control products and power control systems, services and solutions, has an exciting career opportunity for PCS Software Engineer for the organization at our Corporate Headquarters in Florham Park, NJ. Position Summary: Responsible for designing Industrial Networks and implementing scripting based graphical operator interfaces for electrical power systems based on custom specifications, in coordination with a Project Management Team. Responsibilities: Create product documentation including bills of material, network architecture drawings, test procedures and operator manuals. Program the various communications systems with regard to customer requirements and established standards. Produce and debug programs for each job. Work with project management on scope of supply issues. Review job packages and work with project management and/or Engineering Manager on items not clearly defined. Works with Mechanical &amp; Electrical design group in producing drawings including wiring and component layout, etc. Cooperate with PCS Electrical Engineer of Record to design the most efficient communication network and annunciation interface. Provide technical support to customers in project related meetings. Support Field service throughout lifecycle of project. Expectation of up to 25% travel to jobsites/factories is required. Qualifications Experience: Hands on experience with the design, implementation and troubleshooting of computer networks at school or in an office environment is desired but optional. Direct experience with PLC’s, OIT/HMI interfaces, and SCADA is desired but optional. Excellent organizational and communication skills are required. Proficiency with Microsoft Applications is required. Education: BS Electrical Engineering or Computer Engineering or Computer Science Emerson Overview: Emerson is a global leader in bringing technology and engineering together to provide innovative solutions for customers in industrial, commercial, and consumer markets around the world. Founded in 1890 in St. Louis, Missouri (USA), Emerson delivers solutions through five business segments: Process Management, Industrial Automation, Network Power, Climate Technologies, and Commercial &amp; Residential Solutions. With sales of $24.7B and more than 130,000 employees in over 150 countries, we have a customer-focused, results-driven culture where employee performance is recognized and rewarded. Emerson Network Power Overview: Emerson Network Power provides integrated infrastructure solutions that help ensure availability and maximize efficiency for data centers, telecom networks, and industrial facilities around the world. We use a unique combination of industry expertise, technology, and global resources to make the future of our customers’ business possible. Emerson is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, race, color, religion, national origin, age, marital status, political affiliation, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information, disability or protected veteran status. We are committed to providing a workplace free of any discrimination or harassment. If you have a disability and are having difficulty accessing or using this website to apply for a position, you can request help by calling 1-314-553-2544 (V/TTY/TDD) or by sending an email to idisability.administrator@emerson.com .	PCS Software Engineer	Emerson niche	Florham Park	NJ	Florham Park, NJ	sologig	Sun, 01 Nov 2015 02:04:32 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=e5e71190e880c1cd&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1d3ejwsp4o-UBQ1NYExHsGJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke9gq218dr4mo
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Position Number: 215160 Location: Tarrytown, NY Desired Skill Set: Administrative, C#, GUI Position Description: Job Title: Software Engineer Duration: 6 Months, potential to convert to a full time position Location: Tarrytown, NY Schedule: Shift 1 (8:30 am - 5:00 PM) Description: • TFS developer to assist with the development and deployment of new extensions to our Team Foundation server development environment. • This may include modifying existing work item types or configuring new ones, implementing C# extensions to TFS, writing scripts to automate common TFS administrative tasks, and creating new TFS reports. This person should have the following skills: • 2+ years experience administering TFS 2012 or 2013 using GUI and CLI tools. • 1+ years experience with TFS Build. • 1+ years experience C# programming, writing C# programs to extend TFS functionality. The following skills would be beneficial but are not mandatory: • Powershell scripting. #CBRose# Rose International is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, arrest and conviction records, or any other characteristic protected by law. Positions located in San Francisco, California will be administered in accordance with the Fair Chance Ordinance. 	Software Engineer	Rose International	Tarrytown	NY	Tarrytown, NY	Rose International	Wed, 28 Oct 2015 02:40:09 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=1ec6e5c7aee0d3fa&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1d3ejwsp4o-UBQ1NYExHsGJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke9gq218dr4mo
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Senior Software Engineer (any OOD) - Major Google Backed Venture Flatiron (via Andiamo) New York, NY (visa sponsorship offered) java c# .net asp.net c++ After witnessing several family members and friends battle cancer, Flatiron Health was founded in 2012 by Nat Turner and Zach Weinberg. Headquartered in New York City, our company is building a disruptive software platform that connects cancer centers across the country to help change the face of cancer. In 2014, we raised 130MM in series B funding from Google Ventures, the second largest investment ever from Google Ventures, behind Uber. Our mission is to organize the world’s oncology information and make it useful for patients, physicians, life sciences and researchers. Our team is building a disruptive, oncology-specific software platform that will connect cancer centers across the country on a common technology infrastructure and address key healthcare challenges. Today, our proprietary cloud platform includes the industry-leading electronic medical record for oncology, a first-of-its-kind analytics tool, patient portal, and integrated billing management. Ultimately, our goal is to help cancer centers leverage real-world oncology data, at a scale and clinical depth never before seen, to transform how cancer care is delivered. Our engineering team Our engineering team builds and runs data processing pipelines, algorithmic and human-operated data curation tools, and customer-facing data analytics and visualization products. We build systems that clean, structure and understand clinical-level patient data as we build the largest, most comprehensive set of oncology data intelligence. We scale pipelines to handle the world's oncology data with creative engineering solutions to open-ended oncology data problems. Our data Our data pipeline takes in full clinical patient records and produces normalized, high-fidelity, queryable data that is ready to be mined for medical and operational insights. We’ve built a unified data set that is unparalleled in its depth and accuracy, and which gives our partners the capability to ask questions about data that weren't answerable until now. Our culture We work in a fast-paced, high-information-volume environment with complex domain challenges, which means context is key and there's always more to learn and soak up. We want to know oncology data cold — better than anyone else in the industry — and we believe doing so requires building a culture where we all like coming to work each day. In our culture, decisions are transparent and data-driven, and people are empowered to make waves. Backend Software Engineer Are you interested in building elegant and scalable systems to help our customers unleash the power of their data? As a Backend Software Engineer you will: Design and implement backend components: services, data stores, infrastructure, instrumentation, and deployment Continuously ship new features for our cloud based infrastructure Write simple, elegant, testable code Drive improvements to our backend infrastructures About you: You hold a BS, MS, or PhD in computer science or related field You have strong backend experience with languages like Python, C++ or Java You have a good understanding of online relational databases like Postgresql, MySQL or MSSQL. You are passionate about performance, reliability, and scalability of systems Full Stack Software Engineer Are you interested in using modern web technologies to help our customers unleash the power of their data? As a Full Stack Software Engineer you will: Design and implement intuitive web interfaces to make complex data accessible and useful Continuously ship new features for our cloud applications, from the backend to the frontend Write simple, elegant, testable code Drive improvements to our backend and frontend infrastructure About you: You hold a BS or MS in computer science or related field You have strong frontend web experience with JS, HTML, and CSS You have strong backend experience with languages like Python, Ruby or Java, and SQL databases You are passionate about empowering users and our mission to improve healthcare through technology Bonus points if you… Contribute to open source projects Have developed apps using modern frontend frameworks like AngularJS / Ember.js Have experience in user experience design or user experience research Data Software Engineer Do you want to synthesize data into knowledge? As a Data Software Engineer you will: Write useful and impactful software Design and build our data infrastructure, and use it to develop extensible, robust data pipelines Build tools and infrastructure for easy, accessible and flexible data analysis Iteratively develop, operationalize and monitor machine-assisted and statistical solutions to problems About you: You hold a BS, MS, or PhD in computer science or engineering You write clean, well-structured, production-quality code in Python, C++ or Java You have built and deployed large-scale data processing pipelines You seek simple approaches to complex problems You are passionate about our mission to improve healthcare through technology Bonus points if you… Have a strong understanding of statistics Have developed distributed data processing systems against large, heterogeneous data sets Understand experimental design, and can build for collection, measurement and interpretation of results About Flatiron (via Andiamo) After witnessing several family members and friends battle cancer, Flatiron Health was founded in 2012 by Nat Turner and Zach Weinberg. Headquartered in New York City, our company is building a disruptive software platform that connects cancer centers across the country to help change the face of cancer. We recently raised 130MM in series B funding from Google Ventures, the second largest investment ever from Google Ventures, behind Uber. Our mission is to organize the world’s oncology information and make it useful for patients, physicians, life sciences and researchers. Our team is building a disruptive, oncology-specific software platform that will connect cancer centers across the country on a common technology infrastructure and address key healthcare challenges. Today, our proprietary cloud platform includes the industry-leading electronic medical record for oncology, a first-of-its-kind analytics tool, patient portal, and integrated billing management. Ultimately, our goal is to help cancer centers leverage real-world oncology data, at a scale and clinical depth never before seen, to transform how cancer care is delivered.	Senior Software Engineer (any OOD) - Major Google Backed Venture	Flatiron (via Andiamo)	New York	NY	New York, NY	StackOverflow Jobs	Tue, 20 Oct 2015 08:17:12 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=6b54c223d01c9334&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1d3ejwsp4o-UBQ1NYExHsGJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke9gq218dr4mo
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Blue Line Talent is seeking a Software Engineer with strengthsin full stack Java for our client in Jersey City, NJ. This is a great role for a software engineer to work with a team of talented and highly motivated members eager to learn new technologies and implement new patterns that enhance the application. Join a mid-sized organization offering technical challenges, a quality corporate culture with stability and excellent benefits. Position Title: Software Engineer - Full Stack Java About the Client: Long established financial services industry firm Competitive base pay plus generous bonus potential Comprehensive benefits including 401(k) retirement, pension, etc. Location: Jersey City, NJ Position Details: Collaborate with cross functional teams for specific Product Development efforts. Assist and provide input during the creation of business requirements and functional design. Work with the QA staff during various phases of testing. Source control management, including use of CVS, branching and other labelling Participate in customer implementation projects from a technical perspective, including Discovery Phases, producing Functional and Technical Specifications, etc. Working with Integration Team to run successful implementation projects to delivery Experience Profile: 3-5 years in software development and engineering with current experience devoted to Java 2+ years Java programming Application development experience using J2EE Experience in Java, SQL, OOP Analytical, and object oriented design skills Experience of HTML/Javascript Understanding of Unix, writing shell scripts Experience with Java, J2EE technologies, design patterns, JMS, JDBC Experience of SQL, particularly MS SQL Server, and specifically stored procedure development Experience of JUnit, ANT and continuous build and test tools Excellent communication skills required for cross-functional collaboration Stable record of direct employment Helpful/Preferred: Financial Services, securities, investments, trading systems or related industry experience BS (MS preferred) in Computer Science, or related technical or engineering subject Hibernate, Maven, JSON and XML,Oracle Understanding of UI technologies (JSP, JavaScript, HTML, AJAX, etc.) NOTES: No third party inquiries This is direct hire role Local candidates strongly preferred Candidates with strong connection to New Jerseyand commitment to move can be considered Please apply at: www.bluelinetalent.com/active_jobs Ron Levis Principal Mgr of Talent Acquisition Blue Line Talent, LLC www.bluelinetalent.com www.linkedin.com/in/ronlevis (Invites are welcome) Moderator, Boston IT Community on LinkedIn (join the discussions!) Blue Line Talent is a member-owner of the NPA, The Worldwide Recruiting Network, your connection to premier independent recruiting firms located throughout Europe, Asia, Australia, Africa and the Americas.	Software Engineer - Java	Blue Line Talent, LLC	Jersey City	NJ	Jersey City, NJ	Blue Line Talent, LLC	Wed, 28 Oct 2015 01:56:00 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=b582a171295b1a3c&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1d3ejwsp4o-UBQ1NYExHsGJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke9gq218dr4mo
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Requisition No.: 118686BR Subsidiary: eBay Marketplaces Primary Job Responsibilities: We are seeking a highly motivated Software Engineer, who can contribute in the role of Quality Engineering. You will be working in the Ads &amp; Merch team in delivering best in class experiences to our customers. The Ads &amp; Merch team is responsible for crafting world class user experiences supported across multi screens, and multi nationals. We are building a world class recommendation/decision engine. This position requires the candidate to collaborate with folks in other disciplines, specifically Product Management and Product Development but also with Analytics and Business. The candidate is expected to be a self-starter and team player, and a strong driver for results and continuous improvement. Responsibilities include own quality engineering for assigned product features. The strategy would first identify key aspects from a test perspective and then answer questions like how, when and where these key aspects will be applied (automation, scripts, manual). Define overall test strategy for assigned features.Estimate testing effort, prioritize projects, plan implementations and help rollout changesDefine automation strategy and ensure testabilityWrite best in class code to automate testing for your assigned feature areas. Develop deep understanding of the product, engineering processes, tools and concepts in order to effectively narrow down defects. Ability to not only find a defect but also to narrow it down to the root cause. This position does require experience to do manual testing as well. Participates in test design and test systems architecture discussions, proposes and discusses solutions to system and product changes that are related to domain area. Document defects effectively and work with Development team to triage and troubleshoot defectsCoordinate testing across multiple teamsParticipate in product and technology initiatives and recommend improvementsWork with other QE engineers, product managers, and product developers to ensure that product specifications describe innovative solutions that meet market needs with respect to functionality, performance, scalability, and reliability, and result in achievable implementation schedules and a product that meets agreed-upon quality standardsIdentify process, technology challenges and deficiencies that need to be addressed and drive those changes to successful adoptionIdentify project risks, dependencies and be able to provide alternatives yielding reduced risk. Job Requirements: We are looking for a customer-focused, resourceful, detail-oriented, adaptable, and flexible individual The ideal candidate will have solid technical background and ability to provide technical leadership. Your background will include successful collaboration in cross-functional teams to deliver products of excellent quality which achieve the business goals. You must be a proactive and effective communicator, both verbally and in writing. In addition, you must possess: Excellent knowledge of the software development lifecycle, including agile methodologies. Strong knowledge of Java, JS, CSS, HTML, SQL is a must Strong knowledge of end-to-end web application flows and tiers. Strong knowledge of Java application development and testing Experience with test automation tools such as Webdriver or Selenium/TestNG is a plus Strong background in math, statistics, machine learning, information retrieval, distributed systems and scalable data processing is a plus Proven ability to deliver projects on time with good quality. Demonstrates an exceptional customer focus, ensures that provided solutions accurately reflect the real needs and uses of the end users Last Updated: 09/25/2015	MTS 1, Software Engineer, Quality	eBay Marketplaces	New York	NY	New York, NY	Ebay	Sat, 26 Sep 2015 00:20:33 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=eba6dabd48dd853e&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1d3ejwsp4o-UBQ1NYExHsGJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3ke9gq218dr4mo
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	FactSet Mobile Engineering is seeking a motivated engineer to help shape the future of our mobile application suite. Our mobile applications focus on delivering a wide variety of FactSet content to our iOS, Android and BlackBerry based applications. We are in the midst of developing a new HTML based application that can be deployed across different platforms. In this role you will be a full stack engineer and gain experience in technologies including Objective C, C++, Java and HTML/CSS/JavaScript. Responsibilities: Enhancing our current suite of mobile applications Building our new HTML based application Optimizing our infrastructure for speed and stability Work with Product development and Quality Assurance to roll out new features. Ensure quick resolution of trouble reports to ensure excellent client experience Job Requirements : BS or MS in Computer Science or equivalent 2+ years of professional experience Programming experience in an Object-Oriented language Strong analytical and problem solving skills Strong communication skills Desire to learn new technologies/tools in the mobile arena Highly Desired: Experience with client-server architecture Experience with UX and UI development Experience in: Objective C, C++, Java, HTML/CSS/JavaScript, Cordova/PhoneGap + Experience building large application with AngularJS Unix experience FactSet Research Systems is a major supplier of online integrated financial and economic information for analysts, portfolio managers, investment bankers and other financial professionals. FactSet combines more than 200 databases into a single online information system that is a comprehensive, one-stop source of financial information and analytics. FactSet, a leading provider of financial information and analytics, helps the world’s best investment professionals outperform. FactSet is a financial data and software company headquartered in Norwalk, Connecticut with offices in 35 locations worldwide. On May 31, 2014, annual revenues totaled $932 million and employee headcount passed 6,300. FactSet has been publicly traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol FDS since 1996 and on NASDAQ under the same symbol since 2009. Once again this year, FactSet is listed as one of FORTUNE’s “100 Best Places to Work” and one of Forbes’ “200 Best Small Companies. FactSet Research Systems Inc. is an E-Verify participant and EOE/M/F/D/V Employer which strongly supports diversity in the workforce. Equal Opportunity Employment Policy It is the policy of FactSet Research Systems Inc. ("FactSet") to provide equal employment and advancement opportunities to all qualified employees and applicants for employment regardless of their race, color, religion, sex, age, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, physical or mental disability, genetic information, protected veteran status, pregnancy, military or military reserve obligations, or any other class or status protected by law. This policy applies to all policies and procedures related to recruitment, hiring, training, promotion, compensation, benefits, transfer, discharge, and other terms and conditions of employment. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability or protected veteran status. If you have questions concerning this policy, please contact the Human Resources department at +1 (203) 810-1000. 	Software Engineer - Mobile Applications	FactSet Research Systems	New York	NY	New York, NY	FactSet Research Systems	Thu, 17 Sep 2015 23:38:26 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=e7eb251bc592847b&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0lzgR12nMezWZDANek4SWjJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3keddd918j14h1
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	LGS Innovations, delivering next generation solutions that solve the most complex sensing, networking and communications challenges facing our U.S. Federal Government Customers, is seeking a Jr. Engineer, Software-Wireless Protocols for our Florham Park, NJ ; Westminster, CO; Tampa, FL or Herndon, VA location. LGS Innovations is a U.S.-owned company headquartered in Herndon, Virginia, with offices nationwide. We provide our employees with competitive compensation packages and a full range of benefits, including vacation, medical, dental, life insurance, a 401(k) plan, tuition assistance, and an Employee Assistance Program (EAP). LGS Applied Research &amp; Technology – Advanced Multimedia Networking and Communications (AMNC) is seeking candidates for its research and technology Labs in Florham Park, New Jersey. In addition to Florham Park, New Jersey, we have rapidly growing R&amp;D organizations in these locations: Tampa (Florida), Herndon (Virginia) and Westminster (Colorado). We are seeking the ‘best and brightest’ with a passion to solve tough challenges through innovation and the application of science and technology to catalyze impactful solutions for our customers. The AMNC lab performs advanced Research and Development to: Create novel wireless communications and situational awareness systems using standards based and custom communications protocols. Create unique small size, weight and power systems for use in air, land and maritime environments Employ advanced signal and protocol processing, channel modeling and waveform design from HF to W band and optical frequencies as well. Join a fast-moving, high-performing multidisciplinary team with a record of success and opportunity for advancement. In this position you will develop advanced protocol processing and processing algorithms for unique applications. The programs are for applied research and technology in an advanced networking and communication organization that supports U.S. Government DoD, Civilian, and Advanced Programs communities. Position Responsibilities: Apply and perform systems analysis, modeling and simulation of processing systems and demonstrate systems via simulated and/or real data input Perform functional analysis, performance analysis and synthesis of protocol implementations (including physical transmission convergence and higher layer) for Radio and Core Access Technologies Conceptualize, define, design and prototype systems engineering solutions Understand and adhere to all LGS Ethical and Compliance policies Proactively ensure a safe work environment and adhere to LGS EH&amp;S policies and procedures Perform other duties as required Skills and Knowledge : Ability to obtain and maintain a U.S. Government Clearance may be required: TS/SCI w/Poly (US citizenship is a prerequisite) Working knowledge of radio access, core network, interface protocol and the call flows over these interfaces Experience in 3GPP/IEEE/ANSI/ITU/ETSI Wireless and Trunked mobile radio protocols and survey tools Demonstrated ability to rapidly prototype protocols and applications Demonstrated knowledge of object oriented architecture, programming and programming methods Knowledge of HOL such as C, C++ and associated development frameworks Experience with Linux Demonstrated ability to leverage open source programs, rapid integration methods, web interfaces and services implementation, XML implementation methods Object oriented architecture, programming and programming methods required Demonstrated experience or knowledge of software methods – from those that are highly formal requiring extensive documentation and reviews to ‘extreme’ programming techniques Excellent communication and interpersonal skills Knowledge of Microsoft software applications and other software applications as required Minimum Education and Experience: Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or Electrical Engineering and 2-4 years of experience or an equivalent combination of skills, education and experience. 	Jr. Engineer, Software - Wireless Protocols	LGS Innovations	Florham Park	NJ	Florham Park, NJ	LGS Innovations	Thu, 17 Sep 2015 06:28:46 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=c75c7930f87663d6&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0lzgR12nMezWZDANek4SWjJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3keddd918j14h1
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	The Senior Software Engineer will be accountable for leading a small team as well as developing and maintaining key modules of the V12 Group's suite of SaaS applications. The Engineer will be working on a variety of applications and next generation products. Responsibilities Design, develop and modify modules based on functional and system requirements Work closely with Product Owner for understanding the functional and system requirements Work closely with Software Engineers to ensure architectural integrity and product quality Mentor junior engineers in development methodologies and best practices Participate in testing process through unit testing and bug fixes All other duties as assigned Skills &amp; Requirements Formal Education &amp; Certification BS/BA degree in Computer Science, Information Systems or related field Like to Haves 4-6+ years in a working environment Experience leading a team HTML5 / CSS3 / JavaScript JQuery C# ASP.NET MVC Basic Design Patterns (Factory, Repository, Singleton, UnitOfWork ...) Other valuable skills ADO.NET / Entity Framework SQL Server Databases (SQL Queries, Stored Procedures, Database Triggers) Agile/Scrum methodologies Familiarity building multi -threaded applications WCF WebAPI Web Services (REST, SOAP) Personal Attributes Experience at working both independently and in a team-oriented, collaborative environment is essential Analytical and problem-solving capabilities Strong attention to detail and ability to multi-task Ability to work under tight project deadlines About V12 Group If you’re looking for a company where you can work hard, have fun, get inspired, and be well compensated then we’re looking for you. V12 Group is proof that you don’t have to choose between the inflexibility of corporate culture and the uncertainty of a startup. Enjoy a comprehensive benefits package, generous vacation time, and a highly competitive salary all in an environment that promotes creativity and innovation. Headquartered in Red Bank, NJ, V12 Group is a two-time honoree of NJBIZ’s Best Places to Work in New Jersey. Since 2002, V12 Group has been providing customers, clients, and users of Launchpad, our marketing cloud, with leading technology, quality data, and an unparalleled customer experience. You don’t have to travel to Silicon Valley to join a leading technology company; you just have to apply. Contact us today to learn more about V12 Group, our team, and your future. Check out our corporate site at: http://www.v12groupinc.com/ As well as our Launchpad Marketing Cloud at: https://launchpadcloud.com/ \	Software Engineer / Marketing-Technology company with latest technologies!	V12 Group	Red Bank	NJ	Red Bank, NJ	StackOverflow Jobs	Thu, 15 Oct 2015 13:56:40 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=84b132e9315a435e&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0lzgR12nMezWZDANek4SWjJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3keddd918j14h1
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Work as a member of the software engineering team, primarily within the scope of the Omgeo CTM product, in designing, implementing and enhancing the application. Principal Responsibilities Collaborates with cross functional teams for specific Product Development efforts. Assist and provide input during the creation of business requirements and functional design. Works with the QA staff during various phases of testing. Develops software based on the following technologies: Java, J2EE technologies, JavaScript/HTML/CSS, design patterns, MQ, JMS, Spring, JDBC, Oracle PL/SQL Works with source control systems for general source management (including branching and labeling) Unit tests and delivers software leveraging tools such as JUnit, ANT and continuous build and test tools Works with technical architects to define and document application designs and solutions consistent with the prescribed architecture. Works with QA to test existing and new product functionality Works with Documentation and Training teams to capture new functionality Primary relationships will be with other members of the development team as well as members of the Cross-Functional teams, including Product Management, Product Design, Testing and Release Services and Project Management. Tactical implementation and design decisions within the execution of a product development effort. This role will involve making architectural decisions, technology choices, and broad-scoped design choices for the development team. Experience 10+ years software engineering experience 10+ years Java/J2EE experience 5+ years Oracle DB experience 5+ years C/C++ experience 5+ years Javascript/HTML experience Proficiency in Unix, writing shell scripts Financial Industry experience is a plus Knowledge and Skills Required: Analytical and object-oriented design skills Significant experience in best practices of multi-tier application development using Java, SQL, Javascript/HTML, and XML technologies Significant experience in performance monitoring multi-tier applications and identifying / troubleshooting performance bottlenecks Significant experience with Weblogic Server Significant experience with Websphere MQ and Websphere Message Broker Significant experience with service-oriented architecture Experience with JQuery a bonus Experience with C / C++ Understanding of Unix, writing shell scripts Financial Services or related industry preferred. Knowledge of financial industry messaging systems ( SWIFT, FIX, FpML ) a definite plus The successful candidate will have excellent organizational and verbal and written communication skills, as well as the ability to work well within cross-functional teams. The candidate must be highly motivated and a self starter. Education, Training &amp;/or Certification: Bachelor’s degree in CSci, or related area or comparable experience With over 40 years of experience, DTCC is the premier post-trade market infrastructure for the global financial services industry. From operating facilities, data centers and offices in 15 countries, DTCC, through its subsidiaries, automates, centralizes, and standardizes the post-trade processing of financial transactions, mitigating risk, increasing transparency and driving efficiency for thousands of broker/dealers, custodian banks and asset managers worldwide. User owned and industry governed, the firm simplifies the complexities of clearing, settlement, asset servicing, data management and information services across asset classes, bringing increased security and soundness to the financial markets. In 2013, DTCC’s subsidiaries processed securities transactions valued at approximately US$1.6 quadrillion. Its depository provides custody and asset servicing for securities issues from 139 countries and territories valued at US$43 trillion. DTCC’s global trade repository processes tens of millions of submissions per week. To learn more, please visit www.dtcc.com or follow us on Twitter @The_DTCC	Principal Software Engineer	DTCC	New York	NY	New York, NY	DTCC	Mon, 21 Sep 2015 18:02:46 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=2fd373f9cd9ac5b6&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0lzgR12nMezWZDANek4SWjJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3keddd918j14h1
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	My client is a leader in ecommerce customer retention and is looking to further build out their JavaScript team. The right candidate for this role will possess excellent intrapersonal skills and problem solving abilities. Clients include L'Oreal Makeup and other large consumer facing e-commerce sites. The enterprise product helps e-commerce companies increase customer retention through subscriptions and reoccurring orders. Required Skills 5+ years of development experience Expert HTML5, JavaScript, CSS, jQuery (including Responsive Design) Backbone.js, Angular.js, D3.js a huge plus! Computer Science Degree is a plus Open Source contribution is a huge plus! Benefits Competitive base salary with equity and options available. Unlimited vacation days, Full Benefits	Senior - Lead Javascript Engineer @ Funded Enterprise Software Company	Jobspring Partners	New York	NY	New York, NY	Jobspring Partners	Tue, 20 Oct 2015 18:02:16 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=f6332f37950cb866&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0lzgR12nMezWZDANek4SWjJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3keddd918j14h1
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Dell Boomi is the market-leading provider of on-demand integration technology and the creator of AtomSphere®, the industry's #1 Integration Cloud™. AtomSphere connects providers and customers of SaaS, cloud and on-premise applications via a pure SaaS integration platform that does not require software or appliances. ISVs and businesses alike benefit by connecting to the industry's largest network of SaaS, PaaS, on-premise and cloud computing environments in a seamless and fully self-service model. Leading SaaS players and enterprise customers such as salesforce.com, NetSuite, RightNow, Marketo, Taleo, Zuora, Coupa, NASDAQ and Web MD rely on AtomSphere to accelerate time to market, increase sales, and eliminate the headaches associated with integration. Dell Boomi became part of Dell on November 2, 2010. For more information about Boomi, visit http://www.boomi.com/. The Software Sales Engineer Architect works with the Sales team to bring innovative solutions and strategies that map Boomi AtomSphere solutions and technologies to meet customer needs and support the sales process and effort. This quota carrying position is remote based &amp; requires heavy regional travel to client sites. Role Responsibilities Become a subject matter expert in Dell Boomi technology and solutions, and be able to apply it to Dell’s prospects and customers' business processes Develop, present and deliver high impact demonstrations of the Dell Boomi solutions on a daily basis and coordinate/facilitate all presales activities Clearly articulate the benefits of Boomi AtomSphere to all levels including line of business managers, technical architects and "C" level executives Perform discovery, needs gathering, and requirement analysis for prospects and customers Ensure proposed solution meets the technical and business needs of the customer Work with AEs to help manage, support, and prioritize sales opportunities Provide input to other cross-functional departments pertaining to prospect requests and product enhancements as needed Maintain account and opportunity updates within our CRM system to manage and prioritize sales opportunities Provide business and technical solutions to help customers optimize use of solution Perform problem characterization, reproduction, diagnosis, and root cause analysis Work with other Services and Product Development personnel to replicate, troubleshoot and workaround or resolve product issues, escalating as necessary Requirements 12+ years of software (SaaS experience preferred) or technology experience. Have the business savvy to understand &amp; probe customer needs and demonstrate quantifiable business value Ability to present to all levels of business and technical decision makers, and is technical enough to get into the code/design with internal Engineering leads and have credibility across a development organization Strong cross-group collaboration ability to provide the customer with any needed technical information in order to progress the sale through the sales cycle Strong business acumen combined with a deep understanding of Infrastructure technologies and a broad understanding of SaaS technologies, and solutions A desire to work with the latest and greatest web technologies is required, as well as a willingness to interact with the product groups and act as an advocate for the customer Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering, and Information Systems is preferred Company Description With more than 100,000 team members globally, we promote an environment that is rooted in the entrepreneurial spirit in which the company was founded. Dell’s team members are committed to serving our communities, regularly volunteering for over 1,500 non-profit organizations. The company has also received many accolades from employer of choice to energy conservation. Our team members follow an open approach to technology innovation and believe that technology is essential for human success. Why work with us? Life at Dell means collaborating with dedicated professionals with a passion for technology. When we see something that could be improved, we get to work inventing the solution. Our people demonstrate our winning culture through positive and meaningful relationships. We invest in our people and offer a series of programs that enables them to pursue a career that fulfills their potential. Our team members’ health and wellness is our priority as well as rewarding them for their hard work. Dell is an Equal Opportunity Employer and Prohibits Discrimination and Harassment of Any Kind: Dell is committed to the principle of equal employment opportunity for all employees and to providing employees with a work environment free of discrimination and harassment. All employment decisions at Dell are based on business needs, job requirements and individual qualifications, without regard to race, color, religion or belief, national, social or ethnic origin, sex (including pregnancy), age, physical, mental or sensory disability, HIV Status, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, marital, civil union or domestic partnership status, past or present military service, family medical history or genetic information, family or parental status, or any other status protected by the laws or regulations in the locations where we operate. Dell will not tolerate discrimination or harassment based on any of these characteristics. Dell encourages applicants of all ages. Come join us. For more information, visit us on the web at www.dell.com/careers. "LIPriority" " DCAM2" Life At Dell Equal Employment Opportunity Policy Equal Opportunity Employer/Minorities/Women/Veterans/Disabled	Dell Boomi Software Sales Engineer Architect Remote US Based	Dell	New York	NY	New York, NY	Dell	Mon, 12 Oct 2015 13:14:14 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=8bf7a0831ee21575&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0lzgR12nMezWZDANek4SWjJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3keddd918j14h1
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Presidio is recruiting for an immediate Software Developer position. This is Fulltime Position located in NYC . If you’re looking for a challenging role with a prestigious organization, Start Here. This position will provide you with the opportunity to work with the latest most innovative technologies and collaborate with like minded experts. The job details are below. Please reach out to me so we can discuss your background as it pertains to this and any other opening Presidio may have at this time. For immediate consideration, email your resume to Antonio Ashworth at aashworthpresidio.com mailtoaashworthpresidio.com SUMMARY OF POSITION As a Software Developer you will have the opportunity to flex all of the skills that you've garnered over your career developing software for the web. Our TechDev team is smart, ambitious, hard-working, but most importantly we love what we’re doing. If the below description describes you, we’d love to hear from you. MAJOR ACTIVITIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES. Proven ability writing elegant and maintainable C, SQL, Python or JavaScript code Proven ability to work with JavaScript frameworks such as AngularJS, NodeJS and jQuery Demonstrable knowledge of HTTP-based API design and integration (REST, SOAP) Comfortable across the stack Loathes repetitive manual work loves building tools that automate and make processes reliable and scalable Can't remember the last time they worked in the absence of version control. We use Git Takes unit testing, documentation, code-readability, and general best-practices in software development seriously Notable written and verbal communication skills, and doesn't let ego get in the way of helping others and discussing solutions Publicly accessible work examples via GitHub, Launchpad, BitBucket, or an active StackOverflow profile would help Knowledge of continuous integration technologies Comfortable working with the command line in various hosting environments (WindowsAzureAWS) SKILLS REQUIRED Languages C, SQL, Python, Javascript Frameworks .NET, AngularJS, NodeJS, jQuery Database SQL Server, mongoDB, PostgreSQL, Redis Versioning Git Host Systems Windows Hosting Environments Azure If you are qualified, available, interested, planning to make a change, or know of a friend who might have the required qualifications and interest, please call me ASAP at (646) 293-6992, even if we have spoken recently about a different position. If you do respond via e-mail please include a daytime phone number so I can reach you. In considering candidates, time is of the essence, so please respond ASAP. Thank you. Software Developer	Software Engineer	BlueWater Communications Group	New York	NY	New York, NY	Dice	Wed, 21 Oct 2015 00:10:24 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=616096d738665135&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0lzgR12nMezWZDANek4SWjJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3keddd918j14h1
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	MLB Advanced Media is MLB.com (The Official Site of Major League Baseball), the 30 MLB club websites, and many other highly visible and well trafficked partner properties. Since Opening Day 2001, we've been one of the largest and arguably most successful NYC-based tech/media start-ups. Our development cycle is extremely fast and it is common to have your code in production only a few days after being written. As a Software Engineer, you will help us push the boundaries of what is possible on the client. You'll work on a team of other developers alongside systems and services engineers, product developers, visual designers, and project managers. You are highly proficient in HTML, CSS, and JavaScript and appreciate the details that make a user experience exceptional and demonstrate enthusiasm for new technologies, languages, frameworks, and platforms. This position is located in Chelsea Market, New York, NY. We truly believe we offer a unique opportunity for any technologist: The opportunity to work on a bleeding edge technology stack The opportunity to work with a world-class team of Engineers The opportunity to work on award-winning and complex apps and systems The opportunity to have an influence on the innovation of products used globally by millions The opportunity to work in a highly collaborative team environment Amazing benefits including: Highly competitive salary with potential yearly bonus Up to 100% employer-paid Medical, Dental, and Vision Paid vacation, personal, and sick days Commuter benefits And more! Responsibilities: Implement web interfaces and applications using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript. Rapidly prototype and implement scalable, reliable, and maintainable web applications using HTML5 technologies. Enforce code quality through test driven development. Collaborate closely with other engineering, product, and marketing teams to define product requirements. Distill product requirements into design and technical specifications. Toolset: Github Enterprise – repository Bower - javascript package manager Grunt - javascript task runner Jenkins - continuous integration server Confluence - wiki collaboration JIRA - issue tracking HipChat - chat collaboration AWS Requirements: 3+ years experience building compelling web applications. Strong interest in product and user interface design. Significant experience developing web applications using HTML5, especially Javascript. Computer science/engineering degree --or-- equivalent experience is preferred. Server-side scripting in Node, Java and/or Groovy, or general Java programming is a plus. Experience using Freemarker templating is a plus. If interested and qualified, please apply using the following link - https://mlb.theresumator.com/apply/qPUF3e/Software-Engineer-Front-End-Specialist.html To all recruitment agencies: MLB Advanced Media does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias or to MLB Advanced Media employees. MLB Advanced Media is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. 	Software Engineer, Front End Specialist (New York or San Francisco based)	MLB Advanced Media	New York	NY	New York, NY	Major League Baseball	Sat, 12 Sep 2015 10:05:41 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=c3d2e5a67ecd0334&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0lzgR12nMezWZDANek4SWjJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3keddd918j14h1
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Software Engineer New York, NY About Streamline Health Streamline Health provides solutions that help hospitals and physician groups improve efficiencies and business processes across the enterprise to enhance and protect revenues. Our enterprise content management solutions transform unstructured data into digital assets that seamlessly integrate with disparate clinical, administrative, and financial information systems. Our business analytics solutions provide real-time access to key performance metrics that enable healthcare organizations to identify and manage opportunities to maximize financial performance. Our integrated workflow systems automate and manage critical business activities to improve organizational accountability to drive both operational and financial performance. Across the revenue cycle, our solutions offer a flexible, customizable way to optimize the clinical and financial performance of any healthcare organization. For more information visit www.streamlinehealth.net. Why it’s great to work here!! • We deliver to health care providers transformational data-driven improvement to their clinical, financial and operational performance • Our products are some of the best in the market having won KLAS Awards for over 10 years and are used by some of the top health care institutions in the country • We are a fast growing company which translates into potential for career growth and advancement • Top tier benefits package including stock options for every Associate • An opportunity to innovate and learn rapidly • The opportunity to implement your ideas Description of Position: We seek an experienced Software Engineer to join an agile software development team. Software Engineer participates in creating a commercial software product by utilizing the latest programming languages and technologies and object-oriented design. With a strict adherence to the software development lifecycle, he/she analyzes, designs, programs, debugs, and modifies software. The Product Development Software Engineer provides outstanding client service and contributes to the organization’s mission of utilizing information technology to improve patient care. General Description of Duties: 1 • Use the latest programming languages and technologies to develop and write computer programs for the development of a commercialized product. • Utilize strong technical skills and business understanding to solve technical issues and troubleshoot functional issues from clients. • Continually advance technical knowledge and skills to achieve a strong competitive advantage for the product being developed. o Responsible for continuous learning and technical growth. o Participate in beta testing of new tools and technologies. o Participate in technology research and share findings with peers. • Adherence to software development lifecycle model (Scrum). • Adherence to software development best practices as defined by the team to ensure high quality and a robust product that can implemented at many client sites. • Convert project specifications and statements of problems and procedures into detailed software models using UML that comply with architecture standards of the team. • Work with Business Systems Analysts or work directly with users to gather information regarding requirements and specifications for the application. o Analyze user needs and software requirements to determine feasibility of design within time and cost constraints. o Estimate effort necessary for build. • Modify/upgrade existing versions of the software products. o Correct errors and make enhancements. o Achieve a higher level of performance and take advantage of expanded capacity of hardware platforms. o Improve other quality of service requirements such as usability, availability, and security • Participate in testing of all new development and modifications. o Develop automated unit test programs within software applications to be certain they will produce the desired information at the unit level. o Work with QA Engineers to reproduce and resolve defects at the system level. • Construct and annotate programming code according to team guidelines and participate in code analysis peer reviews so that other engineers can contribute to the same code base and so that inefficient code is not introduced into the products. • Interact with clients to understand business problems. • Build deployment packages to ensure the quality of installation routines for new applications, service packs and/or upgrades. • Build scripts and use tools to automate application and database builds, deployment, unit tests and system tests in various QA environments • Adhere to team source control management policy. 2 o Follow rules for code line branching and merging. o Follow rules for source control of database code as defined by team. • Provide assistance and troubleshooting to the team and users with solving application related problems. May be responsible for rotating support of application or system on 24x7 basis. Technical Skills required (please note required proficiency level): • ASP.NET framework (expert). ASP.NET, ASP.NET MVC, Web API • SQL Server and/or Oracle developer (proficient) • C# (expert) • jQuery, Javascript (proficient-expert) • HTML5/CSS (expert) • Object Oriented Programming Skills • Analysis and modeling skills using Unified Modeling Language (UML) (proficient) Preferred Qualifications: • Experience on an agile team using Scrum methodology is highly desirable • Candidates must demonstrate strong attention to detail • Good writing and communication skills • Crystal Reports experience • KnockoutJS, AngularJS • SOA • Excellent teamwork skills required • Experience in health care industry Education Requirements: • Bachelors degree or equivalent is required. Masters of Computer Science is desired. Benefits: • Medical • Dental • Health Savings Account • Flexible Spending Account • Short &amp; Long Term Disability • Basic Life Insurance • Supplemental &amp; Dependent Life Insurance • Accidental Death &amp; Dismemberment Insurance • Paid Medical Leave • 401(k) Savings Plan with Company Match 3 • Employee Stock Purchase Plan • Paid Vacation • Sick Time • Floating Holidays • Jury Duty • Bereavement, Family, Personal Leaves • Military Leaves To apply for this position, please email your resume to the following: Clark.dorsey@streamlinehealth.net	Software Engineer	Streamline Health, Inc.	New York	NY	New York, NY	Streamline Health, Inc.	Sun, 20 Sep 2015 08:14:58 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=0062eeb949ebdaab&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0lzgR12nMezWZDANek4SWjJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3keddd918j14h1
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	DESCRIPTION We are looking for an experienced Android engineer to join our development team who has a passion for delivering great mobile user experiences and working through complex problems. Candidates should have strong but well-founded opinions on code style, structure, automated processes and product building, and should like to sweat over every little detail while being able to iterate quickly. RESPONSIBILITIES Design and build advanced applications for the Android platform Setup proper interactions of the front-end design and implementation with backend servers Collaborate with the designers and other developers to integrate new features in the application Write test cases for the front-end code Work on bug fixes and improving application performance Skills &amp; Requirements EDUCATION/EXPERIENCE We are looking for candidates with a BS, MS or PhD in Computer Science, Statistics, Operational Research or related fields and some relevant experience or an equivalent combination of education and relevant experience. DESIRED AND BENEFICIAL SKILLS Experience with Google coding and design standards Good understanding of Android framework components and their respective lifecycles Good understanding of networking/concurrency/threading Experience developing highly efficient Java code and view layouts and the ability to diagnose performance bottleneck Willingness to spend time testing minute details especially with user interaction points Familiarity with Android Studio and gradle Knowledge of Bluetooth and BLE in Android devices Familiarity with the Android tool ecosystem for development, testing, debugging, and performance benchmarking ADVANTAGES OF WORKING WITH US Opportunity to work alongside a young, dynamic and talented team with experienced leadership in an exciting start up environment. Competitive compensation with an opportunities for early stage company stock options Direct and meaningful involvement in building a game changing product in a fun and stimulating environment! About Max2 Inc ABOUT US We are Max 2 Inc. - the makers of the Scene apps ( http://www.sceneapp.io ). Scene is a community powered discovery platform for getting real-time knowledge about local venues and retail offers. There are plenty of review sites already out there, our app will bridge the gap by providing a comprehensive end-to-end solution with cutting edge devices and technologies for users and merchants. Max 2 is an equal opportunity employer. \	Android Software Engineer	Max2 Inc	New York	NY	New York, NY	StackOverflow Jobs	Tue, 27 Oct 2015 08:37:18 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=189da58ffabb40ad&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0lzgR12nMezWZDANek4SWjJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3keddd918j14h1
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	You will be a member of the engineering team responsible for adMarketplace’s core ad serving technology platform. Our service has millisecond response times and is processing a billion requests a day, all the while pushing the boundaries of real time customer targeting with a requirement for 24x7 uptime. You will be responsible for designing and scaling THE core components of the adMarketplace ad serving system. The ideal software engineer will thrive on solving complex technical challenges and motivated by pushing the boundaries of using real time data to make automated decisions. Our team uses cutting edge software including Akka, Java 8, Scala, SPARK and more. Skills &amp; Requirements Requirements: A dynamic software engineer with 3+ years coding experience using Java and/or Scala for server side applications. An understanding of low latency messaging and asynchronous design patterns, aka reactive programming Profiling, code efficiency and CI style testing concepts are critical skills. Strong knowledge of algorithmic complexity/simplicity tradeoffs and effective use of data structures; Lucene experience would be nice Ability to take projects from group discussion through design to implementation Spring and/or Akka is a plus BS in Computer Science, related discipline or equivalent experience About adMarketplace adMarketplace is the largest independent search advertising marketplace. Named by Crain's as one of New York's fastest growing companies for two years running, adMarketplace delivers performance traffic to large, data-savvy marketers and their agencies. \	Java Software Engineer - Engine Team	adMarketplace	New York	NY	New York, NY	StackOverflow Jobs	Tue, 13 Oct 2015 01:43:45 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=01299206e37e362a&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0lzgR12nMezWZDANek4SWjJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3keddd918j14h1
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Senior Android Software Development Engineer ComiXology, has revolutionized the comic book and graphic novel industry by delivering a cloud-based digital comics platform that makes discovering, buying, and reading comics more fun than ever before. We are looking for a Senior Android Engineer to join our mobile Android development team to help us undergo a refactor of our current Android and Kindle Fire/Fire Phone apps. In this role you will have the opportunity to contribute significantly to the future of comiXology on the Android platform. Your responsibilities will include defining the future architecture of our platform, providing technical and product expertise, and mentoring and guiding the developers to the promised land. This is a tremendous opportunity to join the team at the beginning of a new adventure. We promise you will not be bored; in fact your efforts will directly impact our millions of users who rave about our products as much as we do. What You’ll Do: · Lead a team of software engineers in the design, development, and testing of the comiXology Android and Kindle apps. · Work closely with the leadership team to define roadmap and development plans · Help define and implement standards and promote best practices for the Android development team · Tackle daily challenges with your creative problem solving recommendations · Mentor and contribute knowledge to the rest of the team and the organization Who You Are and What You Do: · 5+ years experience working with the following technologies: o Java and the JDK o Extensive knowledge of the Android Developers Kit o Advanced Android UI Skills (Fragments, Custom view components) o Writing multi-threaded apps o Eclipse, IntelliJ or Android Studio o Application submission/provisioning process o Debugging and analysis skills using ADB o Amazon Mobile SDK (Kindle Fire, Fire Phone) · Proficiency in object oriented development and ability to apply OO concepts · Excellent interpersonal, business management, time management, and developmental skills. · Experience with version control – Git preferred · Demonstrated ability to meet or beat assigned targets and deadlines under normal circumstances, and ability to make trade-offs and when needed to optimize outcome when conditions change · Ability to communicate with other employees in the company in both technical and non-technical roles. · Degree in computer science or equivalent degree Would Be Great, But Not Required: · Have designed and developed a complete Android app from top to bottom · Have worked with OpenGL or the NDK and high performance graphics code · Web Services experience as it relates to mobile apps · Solid understanding of Android UI paradigms from Gingerbread to Lollipop and Amazon Mobile SDK (Kindle Fire, Fire Phone) · Experience with protocol buffers · You tell great jokes · You enjoy Bagel Breakfast Wednesdays · You have some experience developing for other mobile platforms (iOS, Windows Phone, etc.) · You’re a fan of comics! · Are an inspiration for innovation About Us: ComiXology, an Amazon.com, Inc. subsidiary (NASDAQ: AMZN), has revolutionized the comic book and graphic novel industry by delivering a cloud-based digital comics platform that makes discovering, buying, and reading comics more fun than ever before. ComiXology’s Guided View reading technology transforms the comic book medium into an immersive and cinematic experience, helping comiXology become a top ten grossing iPad app in 2011 and 2012 and the top grossing non-game iPad app in 2012 and 2013. Offering the broadest library of comic book content from over 75 publishers – and independent creators as well – comiXology will not stop until everyone on the face of the planet has become a comic book fan. comiXology is an EEO/AAP employer. Basic Qualifications Who You Are and What You Do: o 5+ years experience working with the following technologies: o Expert knowledge of Java and the JDK o Expert knowledge of the Android SDK o Advanced Android UI Skills (Fragments, Custom view components) o Experience writing multi-threaded and Networked apps o Expert level debugging and analysis skills using ADB o Experience with the application submission/provisioning process o Experience leading a small team of developers and delegating tasks o Experience with version control – Git preferred o Excellent communication skills in both technical and non-technical discussions. Preferred Qualifications Would Be Great, But Not Required: Have designed and developed a complete Android app from top to bottomExpert knowledge of IntelliJ or Android Studio Have worked with OpenGL or the NDK and high performance graphics code Experience with the Amazon Mobile SDK (Kindle Fire, Fire Phone) Web Services experience as it relates to mobile apps Solid understanding of Android UI paradigms from Gingerbread to Lollipop (Material Design) Experience with protocol buffers You tell great jokes You enjoy Bagel Breakfast Wednesdays You have some experience developing for other mobile platforms (iOS, Windows Phone, etc.) You’re a fan of comics! Are an inspiration for innovation About Us: ComiXology, an Amazon.com, Inc. subsidiary (NASDAQ: AMZN), has revolutionized the comic book and graphic novel industry by delivering a cloud-based digital comics platform that makes discovering, buying, and reading comics more fun than ever before. ComiXology's Guided View reading technology transforms the comic book medium into an immersive and cinematic experience, helping comiXology become a top ten grossing iPad app in 2011 and 2012 and the top grossing non-game iPad app in 2012 and 2013. Offering the broadest library of comic book content from over 75 publishers - and independent creators as well - comiXology will not stop until everyone on the face of the planet has become a comic book fan. ComiXology is based in New York City, with operations in Seattle, Los Angeles and Paris.	Android Software Development Engineer - comiXology	Iconology, Inc. d/b/a comiXology	New York	NY	New York, NY	Amazon.com	Wed, 23 Sep 2015 04:25:47 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=fe53f66c84767447&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0lzgR12nMezWZDANek4SWjJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3keddd918j14h1
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	RESPONSIBILITIES: Kforce has a client seeking a Senior Software Engineer (C++ / Linux) in Jersey City, New Jersey (NJ). Responsibilities: Responsible for design, evaluation and implementation of innovative software components for an object oriented, highly scalable, distributed and fault tolerant system Help the client to implement their next generation audio platform delivering leading edge audio quality to customers using collaboration software as well as the stand-alone audio conferencing service Take the technical lead on complex projects, and recommendations will be used to advise on design and development approach Grow own career and also teach and develop team members Apply skills and experience in an agile / scrum environment, working closely with developers, designers, and product managers Work on cutting edge, cloud based, Software-as-a-Service products for a major player in the software / tech industry REQUIREMENTS: Master's degree or equivalent in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, or related field is preferred, with a minimum of 6 years of directly related work experience (2 years for PhD) in one of these fields (equivalent experience may be substituted for formal education) Expertise in C++ and one or more scripting languages (e.g., UNIX shell, Perl, and JavaScript) Expertise in OOAD principles and methodologies (e.g., UML) and OS concepts Expertise in UNIX programming Expertise in real-time communication server design and architecture Expertise in Networking technologies and multi-threaded programming Experience in implementing highly scalable, distributed fault tolerant systems Extensive knowledge and discipline in software engineering process Experience as a technical lead on complex projects, providing guidance on design and development approach 	Senior Software Engineer ( C++ / Linux )	Kforce	Jersey City	NJ	Jersey City, NJ	Kforce	Mon, 02 Nov 2015 16:46:22 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=d9a147b8256e1728&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0lzgR12nMezWZDANek4SWjJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3keddd918j14h1
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	We're looking for a front end engineer who will contribute directly to our platform for creators and makers. We're seeking someone who loves beautiful design, building new products, and solving problems. The core of our platform is Ruby on Rails and we're interested in finding people with the following skills: JavaScript, SCSS and HTML5 Experience with frameworks such as Ember, Angular, or React Git, testing, and APIs Ruby on Rails or similar frameworks Our engineering team are a friendly, collaborative , and supportive bunch who value personal growth and constructive feedback. We work closely with designers and product managers in small teams to build fun project discovery modes, elegant project management tools, and top-tier payments processing. We use ad-hoc QA clusters to test and demo new features, GitHub pull requests for peer review, and continuous deployment with feature flags for smooth rollouts. You can read more about us on our blog . This position is full-time and on-site at our beautiful office in Greenpoint, Brooklyn. All full-time employees are eligible for our terrific benefits program, which includes stock options, full health/dental/vision coverage, 401k contribution, generous vacation and family leave, and a wide variety of social and cultural events.	Front End Software Engineer	Kickstarter.com	New York	NY	New York, NY	Kickstarter.com	Thu, 01 Oct 2015 09:56:39 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=f64a574718b7850a&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0lzgR12nMezWZDANek4SWjJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3keddd918j14h1
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	We are looking for an Asst Director-Senior Software Engineer that will help us shape core products and extend existing solutions as part of our agile development team. Participate in full life-cycle software development Design, implement, and deploy highly scalable and reliable systems Contribute ideas for new features and identify areas for improvement proactively Mentor the team on best practices, patterns, and techniques Work closely with the strategy,business and UX teams Qualifications We are looking for a highly-motivated, experienced Java Developer with strong technical, problem solving, and design skills. Team is responsible for developing backend services and processes which are critical to Moody’s ratings data flow. Required Skills: Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or related field 5+ years of Java/J2EE Programming experience in a Unix/Linux environment Solid understanding of Data Structures, Algorithms &amp; Object-Oriented design concepts Proficiency with relational databases / SQL development Experience designing and implementing REST and XML-based web services Big data experience is a plus Ability to solve complicated problems with simple solutions Passion for new technologies and services Understanding of Agile SDLC methodology Excellent verbal and communication skills in English Preferred Skills: Experience with Spring &amp; Hibernate, Maven Experience with Agile Development Positive, self-starter attitude and desire to exceed expectations at every opportunity Attention to detail and absolute focus on quality of work Desire to learn and improve every day Department/Team Content 	Asst Dir-Sr.Software Engineer	Moody's Corporation	New York	NY	New York, NY	Moody's Corporation	Wed, 23 Sep 2015 19:50:41 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=5e1ca852f0650c46&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0lzgR12nMezWZDANek4SWjJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3keddd918j14h1
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Sr. Software Engineer, Baseball Data Team MLB Advanced Media (MLBAM), the interactive and mobile company of Major League Baseball, is the developer of several award-winning products, apps and services. Some of these include: MLB Gameday, MLB.TV, Fantasy Baseball, Beat the Streak, and the #1 sports app and a Hall of Fame inductee for iPhone, iPad and Macworld – MLB At Bat! We are also the industry leader in the development and distribution of live streaming video events over multiple platforms. We are looking to hire a Front End focused Sr. Software Engineer that will work on projects that are unique, never done before and will change the sports industry for ever! This will be working with our revolutionary Statcast Player Tracking System. This position is located in Chelsea Market, New York, NY We truly believe we offer a unique opportunity for any technologist: The opportunity to work on a bleeding edge technology stack The opportunity to work with a world-class team of Software Engineers The opportunity to work on award-winning and complex apps and systems The opportunity to have an influence on the innovation of products used globally by millions The opportunity to work in a highly collaborative team environment Amazing benefits including - 100% employer-paid Medical, Dental and Vision! Responsibilities: Create pixel perfect implementations of our next generation releases of MLB Gameday, Statcast Player Tracking, etc. Work with a team of engineers building software in a collaborative development process Participate in the full-lifecycle of software development (requirements gathering, designing, building, testing and maintenance) Requirements: Experience building large and scalable public applications Self-learner, independent, and have outstanding problem-solving skills Excellent written and verbal communication skills Strong experience using JavaScript, HTML5, CSS3 Preferred, but not required: Service oriented Software Architecture AWS SQL Java A baseball fan is highly preferred 	Sr. Software Engineer, Front End - Baseball Data Team	MLB Advanced Media	New York	NY	New York, NY	MLB Advanced Media	Mon, 21 Sep 2015 18:08:08 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=4d413cb2bda5f935&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0lzgR12nMezWZDANek4SWjJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3keddd918j14h1
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Cutting-edge satellite software development. Leading, presenting and negotiating with a myriad of audiences. Long-term program opportunity. Caught your attention? Our GPS team may be looking for you! This Program represents a complex, cutting-edge project offering great opportunity for someone who enjoys a visible technical lead role that interacts with a variety of levels and positions ranging from technical experts to military and business executives. The GPS (Global Positioning System) III Payload Software Lead position will be responsible for the overall Payload Flight and Test Software deliverables in Clifton, NJ. The candidate will become the CPE (Certified Principal Engineer)/SME (Subject Matter Expert) with the responsibility of certifying all NAV (Navigation) Payload software products. This role will also be the key SME to evaluate proposals and plans for future work (ex: negotiate RFCs (Requests for Change) and fact-find cost and schedule estimations related to software efforts). The successful candidate will organize, motivate, and lead the Harris Corporation software team and work effectively across customer, program, LOB (Lines of Business), and subcontractor organizational boundaries to achieve mission success while meeting cost and schedule objectives and adhering to Full Spectrum Leadership Imperatives. The role will also support software activities related to GPS III Space Vehicle and Simulator deliveries, operations and overall management and reporting of technical, schedule, cost, and risk performance for all Payload flight software, test software and systems products including prioritization of competing demands and resources to meet overall objectives of the program. This position reports to the Lockheed Martin Subcontract Program Manager and will represent Lockheed Martin as a full-time resident in the Harris Corporation’s Clifton, NJ facility until project completion (currently estimated to run through 2016). At that time, the incumbent must be willing to relocate to Lockheed Martin’s Littleton, CO facility. Basic Qualifications Must have demonstrated hands-on SDLC (Software Development Life Cycle) technical experience including solving complex technical issues. Must have demonstrated leadership experience in a software development environment. Must have demonstrated knowledge and experience project managing in a software development environment. Must have excellent organizational and communication skills, both written and oral; Must have a working understanding of software development plans and processes; Must have a DoD Secret clearance; Appropriate degrees from an accredited college or equivalent experience/combined education, with professional experience and specialized training commensurate with assignment; Must have proposal experience including BOE (Basis of Estimate) and cost management experience. Desired skills 10 years of demonstrated Flight Software knowledge and experience including design, development, operations, and maintenance, including demonstrated experience in the resolution of complex technical issues; Project management experience includes: technical oversight and management of all SDLC phases; cost and schedule task planning, estimation, management and oversight; software risk management 5 years of demonstrated software leadership experience; Detailed knowledge of the GPS III program; Knowledge of GPSIII Software Development Plan (SDP) and processes; Experience working with GPSIII customers and subcontractors, including technical and status briefings; Experience with subcontract management. As a leading technology innovation company, Lockheed Martin’s vast team works with partners around the world to bring proven performance to our customers’ toughest challenges. Lockheed Martin has employees based in many states throughout the U.S., and Internationally, with business locations in many nations and territories. Join us at Lockheed Martin, where we’re engineering a better tomorrow. Lockheed Martin is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status. Job Location(s): Clifton New Jersey 	Sr Software Engineer	Lockheed Martin	Clifton	NJ	Clifton, NJ	Lockheed Martin Corporation	Thu, 08 Oct 2015 05:09:13 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=f691cd369122a60c&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0lzgR12nMezWZDANek4SWjJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3keddd918j14h1
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Being part of the engineering team means you’ll be building real products that will have an immediate effect on our organization and our students. You should be comfortable jumping in the deep end and learning new skills. Joining the team will help bring our software, platforms and your ideas into reality. Responsibilities include but are not limited to: Implement the features and user interfaces of our software platforms Architect efficient and reusable front-end systems that drive complex web applications Work with Product Designers, Product Managers, and Backend Engineers to deliver amazing user-facing platforms Identify and provide solutions for scalability challenges An ideal candidate will demonstrate competency in the following areas: Experience building modern websites and web tools with the Django framework Experience building websites with a responsive UI Very strong HTML/CSS skills Very strong JavaScript skills Experience with SQL and NoSQL databases Experience working with UI designers to implement product designs Strong troubleshooting and diagnostic skills Strong communication and team collaboration skills Experience with object-oriented and asynchronous programming Preferred (but not required) qualifications also include : Experience in a fast paced / customer centered agile startup environment Previous experience at a software company that focused on video, audio, and document storage and distribution technology Experience with scalable cloud deployment environments such as AWS and Rackspace 	Front End Software Engineer	Smith & Keller	New York	NY	New York, NY	Smith & Keller	Fri, 23 Oct 2015 00:08:22 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=fc7d2d3bb3d56cf3&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0lzgR12nMezWZDANek4SWjJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3keddd918j14h1
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Our Industry: Where we play We sit at the intersection of technology and Life Sciences industries. Humbly, we’ve been told that we are the leader in application software for the clinical development process, tackling real-world problems and making a real difference in the lives of patients everywhere. With the current transformation in the life sciences industry, we are at the forefront of providing an advanced clinical development platform for our clients to further improve the accuracy, timeliness and ease of the data collection process. That means better treatments can reach waiting patients sooner. We are publicly traded (MDSO) with over 450 customers, customer retention rates above 98%, and the experience of supporting more than 9,500 clinical trials. We are still led by Co-founders, Tarek Sherif and Glen de Vries, and have global operations in US, Europe and Asia. Your Mission: The primary responsibility of the Performance Software Development Engineer in Test (Performance SDET) is to work with the development and SQA teams to develop performance test plans, automate performance test scripts and manage performance environments. Conduct system performance testing to ensure system reliability, capacity and scalability. Analyze root causes of performance issues and provide corrective actions. Your Commitments: • Set up and maintain performance environments. • Implement new performance test plans and test cases. • Debug and troubleshoot complex issues, assist with root-cause analysis and provide solutions. • Define performance test strategy, structure and methodology. • Execute performance test plans and cases to ensure that the system is in optimal state. • Evaluate and select the toolset(s) to use for automated performance testing. • Track defects/issues and enhancements. • Execute and interpret performance test automation results. • Prepare reports documenting performance test execution results. • Research and development of performance automation best practices. • Good knowledge of company’s products and their functionality. Your Competencies: • Experience using SQL Server Management Studio. • Understanding of Query Execution Plans and ability to optimize them using indexing, indexed views, partitioning, etc. • Experience using profiling tools like Red Gate ANTS, dotTrace or equivalent. • Experience using NewRelic and analyzing the outputs. • Experience in setting up VMs with multiple web and app nodes. • Experience working with code repositories such as GitHub. • Experience working with Visual Studio .NET and Silk Performer. • Experience using bug-tracking tools such as Jira. • Experience with Continuous Integration tools like Jenkins/Hudson. • Working knowledge of XML and related technologies. • Experience with caching and multithreading issues. • Experience working in multiple operating systems such as Windows, Unix/Linux and Mac OS X. • Experience working in a Scrum agile software development environment. • Experience working in highly regulated environments. • Strong analytical and debugging skills. • Strong ability to multitask; manage and prioritize multiple, diverse projects simultaneously. • Excellent verbal and written communication skills. • Must be flexible, independent and self motivated. Your Education &amp; Experience: • 5+ years of SQL, C#.NET and ADO.NET. • 5+ years of performance test planning. • 5+ years of implementing performance test cases. • 5+ years of experience setting up and maintaining performance environments. • Ability to develop and communicate complex test strategies to technical and non-technical audiences. Our Culture: Who we are We know that creativity doesn't happen on-demand. Developing cutting-edge cloud technology takes great minds and talented people working together in a collaborative environment. That is why we are committed to fostering an innovative, agile company culture. We encourage our teams to come together and experiment with new concepts, research new approaches and test out new technologies. We believe that being part of our team will make a difference in the world. Our Mission: Powering smarter treatments and healthier people. Our Vision: To be the most innovative cloud company in Life Sciences. Our Principles: Integrity, Partnership, Inventiveness, Humility, Nimbleness, Tenacity, Inclusiveness, and Caring. Our Leadership Drivers: • THINK: Inspires purpose, articulates strategy, and simplifies complexity • TEAM: Communicates effectively, builds relationships and collaborates with others • DO: Plans ahead, scales for growth, ensures accountability • LEARN: Self-aware, values difference, strives to learn • TEACH: Inspires work, coaches others, builds teams (People Leader especially!) Medidata Solutions, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Medidata Solutions provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, national origin, age, disability, or status as a veteran. Medidata Solutions complies with applicable state and local laws governing non-discrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities. *LI-DM	Performance Software Development Engineer in Test	Medidata Solutions	New York	NY	New York, NY	Medidata Solutions	Wed, 07 Oct 2015 18:40:06 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=6e829fc7ea5fe11c&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0lzgR12nMezWZDANek4SWjJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3keddd918j14h1
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Job Description We’re looking for a hands-on Senior Software Engineer to build cutting edge cloud applications to revolutionize the world of content marketing and enterprise software. This role will be responsible for technical design, new feature development, working with UX designers, researching and evaluating new technology, and maintaining a well-tested and high quality software codebase. Individuals that succeed at NewsCred are intelligent, highly motivated, fearless team players capable of working in an agile environment. They are proven self-starters and quick learners. We have a passion for technology but are not dogmatic. We use Node.js, Angular.js, MongoDB, Python, Solr, MySQL, and a number of big data analytics tools. We are looking for strong technical leaders who: are eager for opportunities to mentor and teach. thrive in an autonomous, high energy environment. enjoy pairing with team members to produce innovative solutions. care about efficient code, beautiful algorithms, fearless refactoring, and iterative development. love to delight users. What you’ll do: Provide technical leadership to the development team Evangelize great practices across teams Work closely with product owners, designers, agile coaches and developers in a dynamic, agile environment innovating on new products and features Design and develop software collaboratively in a pair-programming environment Continuously deploy high quality software to customers Design and architect solutions focused on performance, scalability and high availability Qualifications Minimum 6 - 10 years as a software engineer in roles in increasing responsibility. Fluency in many programming languages. Able to code regularly across a full stack using technologies such AngularJS/NodeJS, Python/Django, MongoDB, MySQL, Spark, Cassandra, Kinesis. Excellent understanding of systems architecture, technical design, data structures, and algorithms. Familiarity with Cloud architectures, tools, and processes. Exceptional ability to understand what good code is and pass that knowledge on to others. Experience working in Agile environments. Additional Information What we can offer you! Best in class compensation plans Great benefits, including medical, vision and dental Generous vacation policy Huge variety of snacks and drinks, catered lunches and happy hours Training and career development Chosen as one of Crain’s Best Places to Work in 2014 Please let us know why you are interested in this position by including a cover letter with your application. All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines. Please, no third-party resumes for this role. Candidates submitted by agencies will not be reviewed. 	Senior Software Engineer	NewsCred	New York	NY	New York, NY	NewsCred	Tue, 15 Sep 2015 15:54:09 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=0291f067c43f25c6&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0lzgR12nMezWZDANek4SWjJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3keddd918j14h1
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Yahoo makes the world’s daily habits inspiring and entertaining. By creating highly personalized experiences for our users, we keep people connected to what matters most to them, across devices and around the world. Yahoo’s businesses span across Search, Communications, Media and many other verticals. A Little About Us Yahoo is building the beautiful mobile apps that inspire and entertain hundreds of millions of users daily. Our applications range from communications to content, from search to sports, and from entertainment to finance, and rank among the top in their field. We are committed to delivering a superb user experience and are just scratching the surface! We are hiring engineers to make our apps even better, and to drive the evolution and expansion of our current applications portfolio into new technology areas and market segments. A Lot About You Our mobile engineers build Android and iOS applications. They work closely with designers and product managers within small "pods" that each builds one application or a proprietary SDK, which creates the ideal environment for agile methodologies. They can solve problems on their own or in teams, which gives them endless opportunities to communicate and to self-organize. Your Day Responsible for the definition, design, development and successful and timely completion of major new features in current and future products Lead the design effort for a system component, defining priorities and evaluating resources Responsible for design reviews, ensure quality of group modules in existing products Recommend alternative approaches, utilize new technology to achieve goals Work on complex problems of diverse scope where analysis of situation or data requires in-depth evaluation of various factors which may be difficult to define You Must Have Minimally a Bachelors in Computer Science or related engineering degree Advanced disciplinary knowledge of iOS and Objective-C software engineering processes, tools, methods, test development. Strong foundation in computer science, with strong competencies software design for performance and scale. Debugging and optimizing consumer facing mobile applications for performance and scale. Typically 7+ years directly related experience of software development and/or enterprise software implementation experience *LI-YahoosRock	iOS Software Engineer - NYC	Yahoo! Inc.	New York	NY	New York, NY	Yahoo! Inc.	Mon, 21 Sep 2015 22:19:20 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=e959d33a12e9c46e&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0lzgR12nMezWZDANek4SWjJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3keddd918j14h1
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	We're looking for a senior software engineer with experience in Rails and/or e-commerce at scale to join the team. Fedora is a whitelabeled online course platform used to run interactive courses on everything from iOS development and watercolor painting...to Japanese rope bondage. The platform is multi-tenant and fully customizable by users, including templated pages, so we've got some really interesting product challenges (especially given how quickly we’re growing). We provides a highly configurable online course creation platform used by thousands of instructors to build and sell great online courses. Our customers -- professional instructors, authors, and experts in every discipline you can imagine -- love our product because of how easy it is to make beautiful online courses, and the level of engagement it provides with their audience relative to often cluttered marketplaces like (e.g. Udemy, Skillshare). We're a small, tight-knit team of smart people who like to get things done with minimal management overhead. We've managed to keep meetings to less than one a week - instead we help each other out and pair when needed - and we all love our jobs. This is a full-stack job, although more back-end than front. Great pay and equity package for the right candidate. This is a full time, permanent job located in Manhattan -- we aren't looking for remote people. No recruiters or agents please. Press on Fedora: 1.http://techcrunch.com/2015/02/19/socrates-the-millionaire/ 2.http://venturebeat.com/2014/10/08/fedora-lands-1m-to-help-million-dollar-teachers-reach-bigger-audiences-online/ 3.http://www.wsj.com/articles/growth-hacking-helps-startups-boost-their-users-1401320789/ Requirements This is a job for someone with large-scale web application experience, especially either with Rails or handling complex e-commerce. An ideal candidate will: * Care deeply about programming best practices, including things like single responsibility principle, excellent test coverage, maintainability, proper error handling, query performance, etc. * Have experience building systems that support millions of users (we are in the hundreds of thousands now and growing quickly) with complex e-commerce (for example, school owners price their own products, we pay out a variety of parties and affiliates in each transaction, and we support multiple currencies, pricing schemes, many types of coupons, stripe, stripe connect, paypal, etc.) * Value working as part of a team, supporting the other team members and giving constructive code reviews and/or pairing up when needed. * Be interesting, creative, fun to work with, and interested in doing cool things with our very cool product. * If you’re a rails person, you insist on moving beyond fat models to using service objects (and/or decorators, form objects, facade objects, etc.) and asynchronous services to ensure code quality and performance as the application grows. * Devops experience is a plus Benefits Compensation based on experience. We're a small team with almost no meetings, great work environment with easy transportation and flexible hours and an unlimited supply of free coffee and beer.	Senior Software Engineer	Fedora	Manhattan	NY	Manhattan, NY	Fedora	Thu, 17 Sep 2015 08:02:26 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=22ab9b581685aa2b&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0lzgR12nMezWZDANek4SWjJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3keddd918j14h1
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Job Description: Interactions is changing the way leading companies communicate with their customers by transforming frustrating experiences into productive conversations. We deliver speech and natural language technology solutions for leading organizations, device manufacturers and application developers that seamlessly integrates human and artificial intelligence. The result for our Fortune 500 customers is a dramatic reduction in cost, an amazing customer experience... and happier customers To support our continued growth, Interactions is seeking top software engineers to join our Research and Development team. Candidates will focus on driving the innovation required to create the Interface of Things™, a new wave of speech, touch and text-enabled interfaces with unprecedented accuracy. There are several openings for software engineers to work closely with a world-renowned team of speech, language and machine learning experts in speech recognition, speech synthesis, natural language processing, dialogs, and voice biometrics. The candidate will implement new and scalable algorithms into our products and shepherd the software through to successful service introduction. Candidates will have the opportunity to build innovative systems, requiring sophisticated implementations of complex algorithms, to be deployed in large-scale services such as virtual assistants and intelligent agents. Our software comprise a wide range of platforms, including low-latency run time engines, off-line machine learning systems that operate on very large data sets, SDKs and tools for tuning and integrating our technology, and end user apps that understand, and respond to, human input. The candidate must be comfortable working collaboratively on complex projects with evolving objectives, and is expected to be a proactive, independent problem solver and innovator. Job Requirements: Qualifications: =============== Required: --------- A strong software background and a proven record of software development success (in industry and/or with open source). BS, MS, PhD in computer science, engineering, physics, or a related field is strongly preferred. Strong programming skills in C/C++ in a Linux/Unix environment. Good understanding of data structures and algorithms Proficiency in Python. Knowledge in one or more of the following areas is a strong plus: distributed computing, clustered file systems, machine learning, neural networks, speech processing, natural language processing. Experience in one or more of the following programming environments is a plus: web services and applications (including HTML5, JavaScript, and server-side programming); iOS and/or Android app development; real-time systems About Interactions: =================== Interactions LLC, founded in 2004, is headquartered in Franklin, Massachusetts and has additional offices located in Indiana, New Jersey, New York, and Texas. Learn more at www.interactions.com The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by people assigned to do this job. The above is not intended to be an exhaustive list of all responsibilities and duties required. External and internal applicants, as well as position incumbents who become disabled as defined under the Americans with Disabilities Act must be able to perform the essential job functions (as listed) either unaided or with the assistance of a reasonable accommodation to be determined by management on a case by case basis	Software Engineers (Research & Development)	Interactions LLC	Murray Hill	NJ	Murray Hill, NJ	Interactions LLC	Sat, 17 Oct 2015 09:56:26 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=2b54afe205b80020&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0lzgR12nMezWZDANek4SWjJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3keddd918j14h1
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	About the role Expa is a startup studio that works with founders to develop and launch new products. After a decade of designing and building consumer services, the studio team has identified many techniques that help create successful companies. This experience and expertise is being integrated into a platform used to increase a startup's chance of success. We're looking for exceptional software engineers to join our engineering team in New York. The ideal candidate must love creating and growing products from the very early stages. Your colleagues see you as a programming expert and go to you with their toughest problems. You are comfortable jumping in and learning new skills as we build and grow our systems. You have strong product sensibilities and deeply care about the end-user experience. If you have strong front-end chops, have no fear of traversing the full stack, and want to make the world better for everyone — get in touch! Experience You have worked with teams to build and ship products that users love (consumer facing) You thrive on the challenge of how to build a new product from scratch You care about finding and focusing on the right ideas collaboratively with a team You love working in teams and work great under pressure Requirements Degree in Computer Science or related field preferred 2+ years building products for high-impact consumer applications Proven experience working with the best designers and engineers, and mentoring and developing talent Solid experience shipping products of significant complexity Able to make solid technical judgements and back them up articulately Experience with modern JavaScript frameworks Experience with CSS and responsive web design Ability to work in a fast-paced environment, to be flexible, and to quickly adapt to new information Experience working for an engineering-driven company and/or a startup History of open source contributions strongly preferred 	Frontend Software Engineer	Expa	New York	NY	New York, NY	Expa	Mon, 14 Sep 2015 22:41:03 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=92c88fb7c254e265&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0lzgR12nMezWZDANek4SWjJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3keddd918j14h1
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	About the Team AppNexus develops and maintains both internal and external services to programmatically run applications without making a single database connection. Our back-end applications &amp; services are able to operate read/write access to the business objects that drive ad serving and bidding at AppNexus. These tools enhance complex workflow rules and validations, expose terabytes of ad serving analytics and performance data, and enable our clients to better analyze and optimize their campaigns. Our system is flexible and powerful enough to handle high-volume requests distributed across data centers on three continents! This is an energizing community of engineers committed to building dependable products – the software this team builds creates adaptable and resilient platforms that support our clients' growing needs as their businesses continuously expand. Consider Some of the Problems You Will Try to Solve Overcoming scale challenges: How do we maintain speed, availability, and reliability as our client base grows and the number of objects and relationships within our system increases exponentially? Contribute to the growth of a mature platform as we continue to use open source technologies (such as Sphinx, Memcached, Java, Scala and the LAMP stack) to increase up-time and reduce latency. Build a new microservice-based platform , which enables our engineering teams to continue to grow and develop products quickly and with minimal bottlenecks. Build our own API framework for our internal Engineers that is light, powerful, and specifically optimized for our tasks, while removing potentially asynchronous tasks from the critical path to keep response times low. About the Job Design and Develop maintainable, reliable, scalable and testable enterprise-level, services-based software Collaborate within a small functional team with diverse technology backgrounds Deploy regular code releases to production and test environments Lead design discussions about new features and approaches to implementing new services Provide mentorship and guidance to junior developers About Your Skills BA/BS degree and 6+ years of experience OR MS degree and 2+ years of experience in software engineering (Degree in Computer Science or related field preferred) Thorough understanding and work experience in in any of the following languages: Java, Scala, Python Demonstrated skill in designing and architecting large systems Strong database skills Knowledge of RESTful Web services Experience writing unit and integration tests Ability to work independently and make use of your time effectively Experience using debuggers, profilers and other development tools More About You You are passionate about a culture of learning and teaching. You love challenging yourself to constantly improve, and sharing your knowledge to empower others You like to take risks when looking for novel solutions to complex problems. If faced with roadblocks, you continue to reach higher to make greatness happen You care about solving big, systemic problems. You look beyond the surface to understand root causes so that you can build long-term solutions for the whole ecosystem You believe in not only serving customers, but also empowering them by providing knowledge and tools Want to know more about AppNexus? Explore the links below to learn about our values, why we like to work here, and how we hire.	Team Lead/Senior Software Engineer, Back End and Web Services	AppNexus	New York	NY	New York, NY	AppNexus	Fri, 30 Oct 2015 15:14:00 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=97165ffdeb55e641&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0lzgR12nMezWZDANek4SWjJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3keddd918j14h1
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	NEW YORK, NYENGINEERINGFULL-TIME About Us: Offerpop, a global software-as-a-service company headquartered in New York City, empowers marketers to run digital campaigns, curate user-generated content, drive e-commerce, and capture rich consumer insight across all digital properties, mobile devices and social media networks. Our enterprise-ready platform enables brands, agencies and fast-growing businesses to leverage the power of social data to drive consumer engagement and sales. With 11,000 customers in over 100 countries, we're an industry leader in the digital and social marketing space. About The Position: We build cutting-edge applications that empower marketers to weave a social layer into their campaigns. Our platform serves a constantly evolving set of needs and we have a wide variety of challenging problems to solve. We see a lot of traffic, so our solutions have to be reliable and robust. We process large amounts of social data and analytics are a key part of our offering. Our service-based approach is flexible and scalable. We are always looking to strengthen our core team with creative, professional developers. We are a Python shop, but we know that great programmers can pick up any language quickly. On the backend, we use Flask, Django, MySQL, MongoDB, ElasticSearch and much, much more. On the front-end, we use Twitter Bootstrap, React, Angular, and other great tools. If you're a top-notch developer, who can solve hard problems efficiently and with ease, and you've got the skills and desire to build great products in weeks, not good ones in months, come join us. We have a lot of work to do. RESPONSIBILITIES Work from day one on apps and social analytics for Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, Pinterest, and more. Contribute everywhere -- ideas, ui, server-side development, processes, and tools. Work on all our technology -- apps, social analytics, reporting, enabling our sales team, and self-service billing. Help build a great company. REQUIREMENTS 0-3 years of professional experience in web development using Python Smart, friendly, capable, and up for a challenge Productive in any language and environment. Eager to work with Python, Django, Flask, MySQL, and Mongo BS or MS Degree in Computer Science or equivalent experience.	Software Engineer	Offerpop	New York	NY	New York, NY	StartUpHire	Mon, 02 Nov 2015 10:52:38 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=ccadd52174bfe65f&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa38yNhu40O5Rd3bEoJu0B0aJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kedhef19r3147
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	RESPONSIBILITIES Lead the design, development and maintenance of Android-based core fog network/computing platform to create the foundation for innovative products and services. The developer will lead the entire platform lifecycle right from concept stage until delivery and post launch support. The successful candidate will also drive the mobile product platform strategy globally, and shall create libraries and frameworks to support third party innovations that would leverage the platform. MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering, or a related field from an accredited university or 4-year college is required. Master’s degree in one of these fields is a plus. 3 years to 6 years of industry experience working as software engineer developing mobile applications on either Android or iOS platform or both, with at least 2 years to 3 years in Android application development. Experience with all phases of the Software Development Lifecycle (SDLC), including systems analysis, design, coding, testing, debugging and documentation Skillful in Java SDK and Android Framework on Linux / UNIX / Windows platform Proficient in using Android Studio or Eclipse IDE Strong TCP / IP programming skill required Strong knowledge of HTTP and HTTPS required DESIRED SKILLS Experience with commercial launch of mobile apps Experience in Wi-Fi Direct and / or Bluetooth Low Energy (BLE) technology, and SIM card programming Experience in system level programming Experience in iOS application development Experience in REST API and cloud computing Experience in AOSP (Android Open Source Project) Smartiply is looking for high energy software engineers who drive results with passion, with extensive experience in mobile ecosystem development. This individual will work in a fast paced and virtual environment and will play a major role in developing a cutting edge enabling platform. The successful candidate must be a team player, self-motivated, well-organized, and result oriented, with strong analytical, problem solving, and communication (verbal and written) skills, and must be able to work independently. He/she must have strong knowledge of all phases of SDLC and must exercise good software development practice, including periodic code review, good documentation, and version control. He/she will be expected to apply agile development methodology and provide daily updates and weekly/bi-weekly product demos. He/she must be capable of multitasking and performing multiple duties as needed. The successful candidate shall be offered a competitive salary, with the possibility of stock options, commensurate with experience, along with healthcare and retirement benefits and paid vacation. Smartiply is committed to equal employment opportunity, work-life balance, and career development. Job Type: Full-time Required experience: Android Application Development: 3 years Required education: Bachelor's 	Android Software Engineer - Core Platform Development	Smartiply, Inc	Parsippany	NJ	Parsippany, NJ	Indeed	Wed, 14 Oct 2015 21:41:21 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=05b7281e0a9ccd67&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa38yNhu40O5Rd3bEoJu0B0aJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kedhef19r3147
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Design, develop, integrate, implement and modify software applications and software systems for ERP (enterprise resource planning) using C#, ASP.Net, Microsoft Dynamics AX 2012 and 2009, BizTalk 2010, Microsoft Dynamics CRM 2011, Microsoft Sharepoint and Microsoft BI Stack Analyze business requirements, by conducting gap analysis of the software systems, including identification of business needs, defining requirements and scope, selection of software applications and systems solutions and required development and customization; Design and develop solution architecture for software implementation; Perform configuration and customization of Microsoft Dynamics CRM 2011; Perform data migration and data integrations using MS Dynamics AX 2009, MS Dynamics AX 2012 R2, MS Dynamics AX 2012 R3 for various business divisions of clients; Advise clients on improving business processes, and how MS Dynamics AX and MS Dynamics CRM can meet their businesses’ needs; Define project scope, goals and deliverables which support business goals in collaboration with clients’ management and stakeholders. This position requires a bachelor’s degree (or foreign degree evaluated as equivalent by a US credentialing service) in computer science or a related field, and two years experience as a Software Engineer, Software Developer, or Software Architect. The position also requires two years experience in C#, ASP.Net, MS Dynamics AX, MS Dynamics CRM, MS Sharepoint, and MS BI Stack. This position is currently located in Lyndhurst NJ, but may require medium to long-term relocation to Cranbury NJ or other unanticipated locations in the US. The position is 40 hours per week, 9:00 a.m.- 5:00 p.m., Monday-Friday. Location: Lyndhurst, NJ Academic Qualification(s): Minimum Qualification: Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science	Software Engineers	Visionet Systems	Lyndhurst	NJ	Lyndhurst, NJ	Visionet Systems	Mon, 28 Sep 2015 16:50:59 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=c3f5c72fa40d4039&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa38yNhu40O5Rd3bEoJu0B0aJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kedhef19r3147
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Are you a Senior Software Engineer with a strong background in JavaScript looking to solve challenging technical problems in an entrepreneurial environment Are you a Senior JavaScript Engineer who has built highly scalable systems interested in joining a fun interactive network company If so, this might be the role for you. This company is a well-known media and internet brand that develops unique digital applications for diverse online audiences. They are currently seeking a Senior Software Engineer with advanced JavaScript skills to join their Native team. The ideal candidate will be expected to move quickly and have experience with ECMA 6, Chrome platform APIs, Firefox Add-on SDK and more. RESPONSIBILITIES: Leverage cutting-edge technologies in Chrome, Firefox, and Safari extension development environments to support high visibility products with massive traffic REQUIREMENTS Serious JavaScript skills (ES5+, polyfills, etc.) 3+ years of hands-on experience with web browser technology stack Familiarity with HTTP, HTML5, WebRTC and other industry standards A good visual eye and solid CSS experience Ability to independently set tasks and complete work with limited direction Excellent written and verbal communications Ability to manage competing priorities in a complex environment and maintain high productivity Ability to devise creative technical solutions Bachelor’s degree or equivalent BENEFITS: Competitive compensation package including medical, dental, vision, and 401K Casual work environment—yes, we mean jeans and shorts; and flip-flops are fine too! Incredible PTO and holiday schedule including summer Fridays and paid winter holiday shutdown. Free morning breakfast (bagels, donuts, fruit, and cereal) and all the soda and coffee you can drink! Fun traditions from go kart racing, happy hours, bowling, kickball, softball, Nerf wars, and catered Thanksgiving with all the fixings You name it, we have fun doing it Small and nimble teams, allowing for insanely fast development cycles. New ideas encouraged, supported and quickly executed, giving you the ability to make a real and immediate impact. Therefore, if you are a talented JavaScript Software Engineer looking for an exciting startup-like environment, apply today. Interviews are being scheduled immediately.	Senior Software Engineer – JavaScript – Brand Management Technology	FILD	New York	NY	New York, NY	FILD	Mon, 02 Nov 2015 09:46:33 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=6a13326bd6539f86&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa38yNhu40O5Rd3bEoJu0B0aJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kedhef19r3147
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Job Requisition Number: 45892 The Role: Instant Bloomberg (IB) is Bloomberg's instant messaging system, which is used by the Bloomberg community for real-time communication including exchanging quotes, trade ideas, news and other financial information. We have a user-base unlike any other in the company and handle close to 250 million post events per day. This usage is expected to grow even more in the future. BConnect is Bloomberg's unified multimedia communications product. The ideal candidate will design, develop, test, and provide innovative ways to deploy multimedia software to a unique set of clients. In addition, he or she must want to work in a fast environment, with a willingness to wear multiple hats to see a product evolve from start to finish, including testing and deployment. He or she is expected to continually learn and further his or her career as a software engineer. Qualifications: - 3+ years of experience with proven expertise in server-side/advanced Javascript programming - Experience developing in C or C++ on a Unix/Linux or Windows platform - Must have strong data structures, network programming, and problem solving skills - Familiarity with scripting - A git profile and experience dabbling in new offerings, platforms, and languages Useful (not required): - Exposure to a Voice Over IP or Video conferencing / Unified communication platform offerings SDK - Familiarity with Asterisk - Experience with Realtime Transport Protocol, SIP / XMPP - A hacker mindset of continual learning, and using open source software The Company: Bloomberg, the global business and financial information and news leader, gives influential decision makers a critical edge by connecting them to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas. The company's strength - delivering data, news and analytics through innovative technology, quickly and accurately - is at the core of the Bloomberg Professional service, which provides real time financial information to more than 315,000 subscribers globally. Bloomberg's enterprise solutions build on the company's core strength, leveraging technology to allow customers to access, integrate, distribute and manage data and information across organizations more efficiently and effectively. Through Bloomberg Law, Bloomberg Government, Bloomberg New Energy Finance and Bloomberg BNA, the company provides data, news and analytics to decision makers in industries beyond finance. And Bloomberg News, delivered through the Bloomberg Professional service, television, radio, mobile, the Internet and three magazines, Bloomberg Businessweek, Bloomberg Markets and Bloomberg Pursuits, covers the world with more than 2,400 news and multimedia professionals at more than 150 bureaus in 73 countries. Headquartered in New York, Bloomberg employs more than 15,000 people in 192 locations around the world.	Software Engineer for BConnect - Voice and Video Communications Product Job	Bloomberg	New York	NY	New York, NY	Bloomberg	Sat, 07 Nov 2015 06:20:00 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=b2ffa4350d4a7aba&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa38yNhu40O5Rd3bEoJu0B0aJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kedhef19r3147
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Senior Software Engineer DTCC has an opportunity for a Principal Software Engineer to join our team in New York, NY. Summary Omgeo division of DTCC is seeking a person with exceptional design and project execution experience to join our CTM Central Trade Manager team. In this position you will work with talented engineers in an agile environment on industry critical applications. You will work collaboratively across the technology stack with multiple software development (Mid-Tier, Database, GUI) and cross-functional groups in designing and implementing enhancements to the Omgeo CTM Central Trade Manager product. Responsibilities Participate on cross functional teams for specific Product Development efforts. Own specific subsystems of the CTM product by absorbing key functional / technical knowledge of processes and designs. Quickly turn around solutions in areas of expertise. Required Skills About 10+ years’ overall software engineering experience 7+ years’ Java J2EE experience 5 years’ MQ experience Minimum of 3 years of experience on a UNIX platform Undergraduate or advanced degree in a related discipline. Desirable Skills &amp; Knowledge Detailed knowledge of and experience with client/server and object oriented software development utilizing Java, Oracle, on UNIX based Operating System. Proven experience in analysis and design, coding and testing as well as technical management of teams of 2-4 members. Knowledge of XML and XML-related technologies Swing experience a plus Familiarity with WebLogic Server and iPlanet web server a plus Knowledge of financial industry messaging systems (FIX, SWIFT) a definite plus The successful candidate will have excellent organizational and verbal and written communication skills, as well as the ability to work well within cross-functional teams. The candidate must be highly motivated and a self starter. Education, Training &amp;/or Certification: Bachelor’s degree in CSci, or related area or comparable experience With over 40 years of experience, DTCC is the premier post-trade market infrastructure for the global financial services industry. From operating facilities, data centers and offices in 15 countries, DTCC, through its subsidiaries, automates, centralizes, and standardizes the post-trade processing of financial transactions, mitigating risk, increasing transparency and driving efficiency for thousands of broker/dealers, custodian banks and asset managers worldwide. User owned and industry governed, the firm simplifies the complexities of clearing, settlement, asset servicing, data management and information services across asset classes, bringing increased security and soundness to the financial markets. In 2013, DTCC’s subsidiaries processed securities transactions valued at approximately US$1.6 quadrillion. Its depository provides custody and asset servicing for securities issues from 139 countries and territories valued at US$43 trillion. DTCC’s global trade repository processes tens of millions of submissions per week. To learn more, please visit www.dtcc.com or follow us on Twitter @The_DTCC .	Senior Software Engineer - CTM	DTCC	New York	NY	New York, NY	DTCC	Mon, 21 Sep 2015 18:04:07 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=892293b997451ef9&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa38yNhu40O5Rd3bEoJu0B0aJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kedhef19r3147
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	The Enterprise development team at a technology product shop in New Yorkis revamping their data ingestion platform into a cloud based solution with real-time monitoring. They want developers interested in building secure and scalable services for an evolving product. RESPONSIBILITIES Work as part of an agile team driving data enrichment and analytics around structured and unstructured data Utilize machine learning / big data technologies Conceptual problem solver who can interact with the business users to develop new paths to success Employ C++, Scala, Kafka and various file transfer protocols REQUIREMENTS BS in computer science from a top tier university 5 yrs + of design &amp; development experience with C/C++ on UNIX, web services and databases Experience in big data infrastructures – Hadoop, Solr, NoSQL) required Solid experience in a team building out distributed firmwide systems Great written and verbal communication Proficient with API’s including – SOAP &amp; REST, and open source tools like Kafka	Senior Software engineer for data ingestion platform in NYC (130 - 170K)	Gambit Technologies	New York	NY	New York, NY	Gambit Technologies	Tue, 27 Oct 2015 10:04:37 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=6d6cbc01c1cf585a&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa38yNhu40O5Rd3bEoJu0B0aJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kedhef19r3147
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	RESPONSIBILITIES: Kforce's client, an elite firm in New York, New York (NY) is looking for a Senior Software Engineer - Salesforce who is an enthusiastic problem-solver and proactively dives into technical challenges and best practices research. Overview: The client has over 600 users and expects this number to jump to over 800 as the candidate evolves Salesforce at this firm! The candidate needs to work closely with the Product Management Team, understand business requirements / priorities and successfully implement solutions using Agile development methodology. At this company, the successful applicant will collaborate with a group of quick witted, humorous, and extremely dedicated coworkers and clients who are all passionate about digital media. The work environment is inviting and this individual will work in an open modern space where they will often find groups in casual brainstorming sessions sharing ideas and strategies for new initiatives. Everyone has a voice at within this company, and they are open to new ways of thinking, especially those that will contribute to the overall success of the company. Opinions and ideas are always welcome, in fact, they are encouraged! Responsibilities: Develop software solutions using Java, Salesforce.com APIs (tooling, streaming, REST, and SOAP), and 3rd party APIs Contribute to the overall configuration, design and layout of the Salesforce.com system architecture Apply functional knowledge and technical expertise in the development and maintenance of custom S alesforce.com applications Participate in cross-functional teams that address strategic business issues Monitor the support queue for incoming requests and adjust activities as necessary based on priority; determine an appropriate course of action for these requests, and follow them through to completion Follow standard coding practices, keeping custom code organized, readable, maintainable, and documented REQUIREMENTS: Bachelor's degree in Computer Science (or related field) or relevant experience 8+ years of experience in software development (focus on object-oriented programming, using Java, J2SE, J2EE preferred) 5+ years of development experience on the Salesforce platform Excellent knowledge of Salesforce security model that consist of Profiles, OWD, and sharing rules Experience integrating Force.com development with modern deployment and release processes (e.g., agile, continuous integration, Jenkins, and Git) Excellent knowledge of Salesforce configuration that consists of Workflows, email templates, approval processes, flows, and sites Previously worked as a lead with experience in Design, Architecture, Migrations, Merge of Multiple instances, Continuous Integration - all as they relate to Salesforce 	Software Engineer with Salesforce	Kforce	New York	NY	New York, NY	Kforce	Tue, 13 Oct 2015 21:44:23 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=a71314fcd70ea6fe&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa38yNhu40O5Rd3bEoJu0B0aJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kedhef19r3147
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Curalate is looking for talented software developers to join our team. Our engineering team today is deep in the trenches -- tackling some of the gnarliest problems out there at the intersection of computer vision and big data -- and we're looking for a few good coders to join us. Skills &amp; Requirements You'll be expected to dive into our stack and toolkit, and start shipping code on day one. We're not hiring code monkeys; you'll be given substantial feature ownership, and we'll expect you to contribute product ideas as well as code. We're not language zealots; we believe in using the right tool for the job, and are comfortable with a polyglot codebase. That said, today we lean on: Languages: Scala, Javascript Infrastructure: AWS, Asgard Databases: Cassandra, MySQL (RDS), DynamoDB, Redis, Redshift, CloudSearch Frameworks: Finagle, Storm, Scalatra, Lift Front End/Mobile: AngularJS, Bootstrap, Backbone, Ionic (Production experience with any of these technologies is not required. However, candidates will, at a minimum, want to have experience with an object-oriented language like Java, C++, or C#). About You: Although experience with our existing technology stack is great, we're much more interested in hiring developers with exceptional problem solving skills, creative out-of-the-box thinking, and comfort with quickly learning, evaluating, and deploying new technologies. While we're not looking for any specific industry experience you should have at least two years of experience and come prepared to join a fast-moving team. Above all else, we're looking for others who are as excited about the potential in this space as we are, and who will be willing to join us in moving fast and breaking things as we execute against that vision. About Curalate Curalate is the leading marketing and analytics suite for the visual web and a partner to more than 700 of the world’s most-loved brands. We’re a passionate team of visual thinkers, makers, and storytellers dedicated to helping brands create authentic connections with consumers through images. And we’re building something really powerful. Much like the brands we work with, our people are nothing short of inspiring – and we’re looking to grow our team. If you’re scrappy, creative, curious, and FUN, then we think Curalate could be the place for you.	Software Engineer: Full-Stack (NYC)	Curalate	New York	NY	New York, NY	StackOverflow Jobs	Wed, 14 Oct 2015 19:49:40 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=68c929a371a02772&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa38yNhu40O5Rd3bEoJu0B0aJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kedhef19r3147
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Quantitative Software Engineer Will relocate the right candidate. Will Sponsor Visa’s. Will only consider candidates from top tier computer science universities and/or individuals with a stellar GPA. Bachelor’s and/or Master’s degree from a top computer science program with a GPA of 3.5 or higher. PhD preferred. Top computer science program preferred (Carnegie Mellon University, Massachusetts Institute of Technology/MIT, Stanford University, University of California-Berkeley, Cornell University, University of Illinois-Urbana-Champaign, Princeton University, University of Washington, University of Texas-Austin, Georgia Institute of Technology, California Institute of Technology, University of Wisconsin-Madison, University of Michigan-Ann Arbor, etc. Ready to hire! Hiring several in this role. Fantastic opportunity with a very successful company with cutting-edge technology and a staff consisting of many of the brightest quantitative talent in the world. Summary: Seeking exceptional technologists with advanced mathematical and statistical abilities to join the team. Equal parts code experts and mathematical thinkers, quantitative software engineers bring together technical and analytical expertise to grapple with difficult computational and data-related problems directly and implement efficient and innovative solutions. Entailing a sophisticated knowledge of algorithms, statistics, and high-performance computing, this effort has attracted ACM programming competition finalists, Top Coder contenders, and other highly technical, competitive problem solvers. Quantitative Software Engineers are responsible for bringing a wealth of ideas to fruition by designing and implementing trading strategies; and building the tools and engines that bring platforms and models to life. Qualifications: -At a minimum, a bachelor's degree in computer science, applied mathematics, or another technical discipline from a top university. -Strong numerical programming skills. -Experience with scientific computing, algorithm development, or pattern recognition. -A background or interest in building large-scale, real-time, and distributed applications is desired. -Experience developing high-performance, multi-threaded applications using several programming languages including Java and C++. -Knowledge of scripting languages such as Perl, Python, and UNIX shell. -While we analyze the data-rich domain of finance, financial experience is not a requirement. New York City NY Jobs, Quantitative Software Engineer, C++, Java, Perl, Python, UNIX Shell, New York Recruiters, Information Technology Jobs, IT Jobs, New York Recruiting	Quantitative Software Engineer	GinasTechJobs.com	New York	NY	New York, NY	GinasTechJobs.com	Mon, 19 Oct 2015 16:37:28 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=67e9feefca686e98&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa38yNhu40O5Rd3bEoJu0B0aJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kedhef19r3147
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Requisition No.: 114982BR Subsidiary: WHI Solutions Primary Job Responsibilities: • 5 - 8 years of SQL development and SSIS packages. Experience in a B2B/B2C business connectivity model environment is a plus. Advance level expertise with SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS) for ETL in developing projects using MS SQL Server 2005/2008/2012. SQL Server Developer maintaining extremely large databases/supporting existing custom database applications. Working knowledge of SQL Server Partitioning and indexing strategies Ability to pull multiple data sources in SQL Server 2005/2008/2012. Performance tuning of extremely complex queries, procedures Perform SQL code review and perform in code SQL to Stored Procedure conversion and optimization. Perform Database and table modeling and optimization. Develop new database applications through complete system development cycle from conception to delivery. Ability to quickly understand complicated system Ability to work in fast paced environment (must) Complete system development life cycle process using agile development framework from conception to delivery. Building information models, entity relationship models, data flow diagrams, traceability matrixes, and logical and physical data models. Excellent analytical, problem solving skills and organizational skills, a self-starter and able to work on projects as part of a team or independently. Comfortable communicating in a team environment and able to communicative effectively with upper management and cross departmental staff. Written communications skills will include system and database documentation, table schemas. Data dictionary, metadata documentation and workflow processes. Job Requirements: Technical Skills: Strong SQL Development with SQL Server 2008, 2012 SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS) 2008 and 2012 Advance level SQL optimization techniques SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS) 2008 and 2012 preferred but not required DBA skills a big plus but not mandatory NOSQL a big plus. MySQL- a plus Stored Procedures Data Conversion from different data and files systems into SQL Database Database Modeling and tools such as Erwin Report Generation (Crystal, Excel, SSRS) Visual SourceSafe Optional Visual Basic 6.0 / .NET Automotive Applications experience is a BIG plus Agile/Scrum preferred Last Updated: 08/18/2015	Software Engineer 2	WHI Solutions	Rye Brook	NY	Rye Brook, NY	Ebay	Fri, 02 Oct 2015 06:36:42 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=a20d9e5d487c4516&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa38yNhu40O5Rd3bEoJu0B0aJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kedhef19r3147
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Agency based companies seem to be gobbling up technology talent recently, plugging in talented engineers to ticket and project based hamster-wheel environments. Few companies offer a product based approach with a focus on technology and their engineers’ careers, but luckily my client is one of those companies. My client’s product based approach is focused to the information governance, criminal investigative, digital forensics, and data migration industries. This is a company that has an open development area that allows multiple teams to coordinate directly with each other. They are offering the chance to work with a multitude of technologies and to take your career to the next level. Engineers that succeed here are entrepreneurs who truly invest themselves in the product that they build. This is a company that needs seasoned pros to drive the product to new heights. In the meantime, they compensate extremely competitively. Required Skills Minimum 4 years’ experience programming and/or architecting a back end language (Java, Ruby, Python, PHP, C#) Exposure to creating full stack web applications in JavaScript, using JavaScript MVC (backbone.js, angular.js, node.js, ember.js, uppercut.js, pretty much anything other than jQuery…) Experience with Java oriented technologies (JBoss, Spring, SpringMVC, Hibernate, REST/SOAP) is a strong plus TDD Mobile development experience (plus) with iOS, Android, OR Windows Phone System Administration and/or System integration experience (strong plus) Version Control experience (Git, SVN, Mercurial, Stash, Beanstalk) Experience with testing tools (JUnit, Selenium, QTP, Bugzilla, Cucumber) Benefits Strong compensation, competitive annual bonus, 401k, health, dental, vision, limitless PTO policy will be put in place shortly	Senior Software Engineer	Workbridge Associates	New York	NY	New York, NY	Workbridge Associates	Thu, 15 Oct 2015 15:14:54 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=8f84e6ab7049f2e2&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa38yNhu40O5Rd3bEoJu0B0aJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kedhef19r3147
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Want to build core services that engineers and guests use on a day-to-day basis at a fast growing startup? Namely wants engineers to come and join our core services team to help create a modern architecture. Namely is looking for a Software Engineer to contribute ideas, innovative solutions, and most of all, be a part of a team. You will be interacting with Namely engineers, product, and QA to deliver core services that drive our brand. You have: 2+ years of experience building server side applications Experience building, shipping and maintaining web applications and services on the server level with a language like Ruby or Go. Worked with a SQL database using either raw SQL or Active Record objects. Strong analytical and technical skills to identify critical and impacting issues, escalate them and drive them to resolution. Worked with version control and group repositories while working intimately on a codebase with other developers. BS or BA or equivalent experience. Experience driving computers from a terminal You might also have: Test Driven Development skills, including integration and unit testing. Agile-based development, including sprints and standup meetings. Comfortable using collaborative software to track development tasks. Strong QA and bug fixing abilities. Comfortable using bug tracking software and a debugger. Pair programming experience. Employees at Namely have access to… An amazing engineering culture – talented people, challenging work Health, dental, vision and life insurance options for employees and family Professional development support Unlimited vacation Company equity Our kitchen stocked with fresh fruit, cereal, and unlimited snacks In-office library and arcade Paid parental leave Field days and intramural sports leagues Bagel Mondays Offices in NYC &amp; San Francisco 	Software Engineer (Core Services)	Namely	Manhattan	NY	Manhattan, NY	Namely	Thu, 17 Sep 2015 23:19:51 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=7e2a011cd0fa7083&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa38yNhu40O5Rd3bEoJu0B0aJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kedhef19r3147
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Position Overview We are looking for an experienced software engineer to help build and maintain our bike sharing platform. Our platform is a hodgepodge of technologies grown to fit the needs of individual bikeshares. We want you to help us consolidate our systems towards a consistent, modern and data-informed bike sharing platform. Motivate’s mission is to make our cities more livable by building and operating bike share programs that people love and use every day. Motivate creates and manages all aspects of Citi Bike and 9 other bike share programs around the world, from building the apps to operating bikes and stations. Under new ownership, Motivate is growing into an integrated, biking-focused tech company with a consistent user interface and management tools for all of our programs. Our philosophy is that good software engineering products and practices give us the best competitive advantage. Software engineering services all aspects of our bikeshare platform from assessing bike station placement and bike reliability, to building user facing features and operational tools. Engineering is core to our focus on building tools and using data to makes each aspect of a bike share successful from large operations like in New York to rapidly growing ones like in San Francisco. You are a good fit if: You are experienced building highly tested ruby applications. You are an experienced software engineer with a passion for making our cities more livable. You are detail oriented and take an iterative approach to engineering. You balance multiple critical projects and work independently on projects when necessary. You can show architect-level understanding of large systems in which you played an integral role. You have committed yourself to products over multiple releases and shipped software as an individual contributor or technical lead in a very strong team. You have participated in several open-source projects. Why work with us? High alignment between Motivate's business goals and user experience goals. The larger an audience we reach, the more people we get biking, the more we subscribers we get, the more we encourage urban biking and the more city contracts we can get. Although, Citi Bike is a few years old, you will be joining a fresh team to take on the challenges making a great bike share. We're dedicated to maintaining a strong, positive culture as we grow. We value giving and receiving feedback and value transparency around business and strategy. We are a real company that builds real things used by real people. 	Backend Software Engineer	Motivate International	Brooklyn	NY	Brooklyn, NY	Motivate International	Fri, 18 Sep 2015 10:54:02 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=9d1cb7cbea5c3524&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa38yNhu40O5Rd3bEoJu0B0aJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kedhef19r3147
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	As a member of the Blackstone Innovations technology team, you will work with a group of talented individuals in a highly collaborative environment to create the next generation of innovative solutions for sophisticated financial professionals at Blackstone and in the financial community at large. Our engineers are involved in the full development lifecycle, as an advisor and contributor during the concept and design phase and as the code owner during the development, stabilization, and support phases. You will be expected to take ownership of projects, determine technical design, identify business design gaps with the business analysts, develop the actual system code, and support the system post-launch. Success as a software engineer on our team means delivering business value and great code.. Qualifications: We are currently seeking a Senior Software Engineer who is passionate about code and who wants to build great systems that have a direct impact on the global finance industry. Core Requirements: Demonstrated significant leadership experience as a team lead or similar role Deep experience in software design and programming Project management experience on custom software development engagements The passion to learn, grow, and help us to improve our business A desire to be a part of and help grow a great team and organization A self-starting, entrepreneurial attitude A B.S. in Computer Science or other applicable technical degree Ability to quickly adapt to new technologies Capacity to work within complex systems and large data sets Familiarity with one or more of the following technologies preferred: C# / VB.NET / ASP.Net JavaScript / AJAX / jQuery SQL Server or other databases Web Services MS Office automation / add-in development Web development experience in financial services technology is a plus. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, disability, sexual orientation, national origin or any other category protected by law.	Innovations - Senior Software Engineer	Blackstone	New York	NY	New York, NY	Blackstone	Fri, 18 Sep 2015 23:50:37 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=1b9b13e6098b9cf7&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa38yNhu40O5Rd3bEoJu0B0aJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kedhef19r3147
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Position: Software Engineer Location: NYC, NY Fulltime Job Description: Responsibilities include: Supporting technology projects throughout the planning and delivery cycles. Deliver software development improvements. Support the development of Syntel’s best practices. Knowledge and experience of gathering data for requirements and use case development. Research and gather both business and technology requirements to support project initiatives. Perform analysis of existing or new processes to determine how to best enable and implement. Respond to Intersystem impact requests to get the impacted stake holders. Work closely with a highly synergized team of Project Managers and Technical resources. Ensure comprehensive, timely and quality delivery of all requests. Work with business facing analysis to determine and translate business requirements into technology solutions. Lead end-to-end research and analysis across multiple teams. Work closely with clients/customers to ensure alignment on technical solution. Ensure that all documentation meets/aligns with required compliance standards. Coordinate and monitor end-to-end testing activities. Responsible for the quality of deliverables in terms of the analysis report, technical design documentation, and the adherence to technical compliance standards. Proactively influencing, advising, and collaborating with Business and Technologies partners at all levels. Qualifications include: Bachelors or Master’s Degree in Computer Science or related field. Excellent verbal communication and written, with active listening and summarization skills. Excellent judgmental, interpersonal, communication skills and follow-through. Active listening and summarization skills. Willingness to relocate. Basic knowledge of .Net technologies is a plus… Required education: Bachelor's 	Software Engineer_Entry level(.net)_Full Time	SYNTEL INC	New York	NY	New York, NY	Indeed	Fri, 18 Sep 2015 13:29:42 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=9912daf0117478b5&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa38yNhu40O5Rd3bEoJu0B0aJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kedhef19r3147
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	About MedAssets MedAssets (NASDAQ: MDAS) is a healthcare performance improvement company that combines strategic market insight with rapid operational execution to help providers sustainably serve the needs of their communities. More than 4,500 hospitals and 123,000 non-acute providers rely on our solutions to reduce the total cost of care, enhance operational efficiency, align clinical delivery and improve revenue performance across the System of CARE. For more information, go to www.medassets.com. Job Purpose: The Senior Software Engineer will lead new product development and product enhancement activities, have responsibilities for product architecture, responsible for development and enhancement of business applications. Position Objectives: The Senior Software Engineer’s chief objective is to ensure that he/she produces technically superior software that provides tangible value to users. He or she must be able to manage and direct multiple concurrent and complex software development efforts and communicate their details to a variety of technical and non-technical personnel. Problem Solving skills and motivational abilities are essential. The Senior Software Engineer must work across all departments to drive projects from initiation to completion as defined within the scope set by internal and external users, ensuring the adherence to sound software development practices. This is a highly technical position with accountability for product quality but is also a leadership position requiring the ability to motivate and mentor development staff.. Essential Duties &amp; Responsibilities: Participate in planning for current and future releases Work closely with business analysts, project managers, and system architects to ensure all required activities to complete the project on schedule Participate in technical analysis, assign resources to perform technical analysis, programming and unit testing, QA, and deployment activities Monitor ongoing status of projects Provide necessary support to team members to ensure that the development meets functional requirements and project timelines Participate in release planning Accountable for architecture and quality of all product functionality Participate in development of new processes and refinement of existing processes Minimum Qualifications &amp; Competencies: Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science or related field. Either 1+ years with Master’s degree or 2+ years with Bachelor’s degree and with direct hands-on the software development resources Preferred technologies: C#, ASP.NET, C++ Knowledge, and application, of the following technical skills: SQL Server – database design and optimization XML, Web Services HTML, JavaScript/jQuery Practical experience in Object Oriented Programming and working with principles, patterns and practices of object oriented analysis, design and programming Advanced problem analysis and problem solving skills Experience in developing multiple concurrent software development projects using Agile Software Development Life Cycle and Scrum methodology Experience with Data architecture/data design Experience in managing development environment Strong leadership, organizational, planning, and time management skills Excellent written and oral communication skills Healthcare Operations Knowledge is a plus Travel: (10% required/expected) MedAssets is an Equal Opportunity Employer and ensures its employment decisions comply with principles embodied in Title VII, the Age Discrimination in Employment Act, the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, the Vietnam Veterans Readjustment Assistance Act of 1974, Executive Order 11246, Revised Order Number 4, and applicable state regulations. 	Senior Software Engineer (C#, ASP.Net, SQL, Agile/SCRUM)	MedAssets, Inc	Saddle River	NJ	Saddle River, NJ	MedAssets, Inc	Mon, 26 Oct 2015 17:47:57 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=5ca71e20ffbadb23&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa38yNhu40O5Rd3bEoJu0B0aJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kedhef19r3147
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	My name is Brian and I am recruiting for a client who is our END CLIENThelliphelliphelliphelliphellip.. Please send your resume to 3593-MH2025apply.maxhire.net and interested candidates can reach me at 732-549-6800 ext.235 for additional questions TITLE Senior Software Engineer – Ruby on Rails LOCATION New York City DURATION 6 months PAY RATE DOE MAIN SKILLS Ruby on Rails, JavaScript, j Query, OOP, SQL, MVC, .net, responsive web design. JOB DESCRIPTION Building web apps with modern user interfaces for desktop, mobile web and apps that will get used by millions of users every month. Work both independently collaboratively with a cross-functional team to iteratively develop high quality productsfeatures for desktop, mobile-web and mobile-app Collaborate with other developers to build simple, maintainable, high quality codebase Experience with UI design and UX Skills Required Demonstrable fluency in coding with Ruby on Rails JavaScriptj Query Strong OOP skills and Multi-threaded programming skills Database design, development, and performance tuning using MySQL Strong working knowledge of SOA, MVC, JSON Additional skills Building high traffic web sites leveraging various caching strategies Knowledge of No SQL storage technologies such as Couch DBMongo DB Performance tuning of high volume websites – both frontend and backend components Experience with technologies behind Mobile website development and responsive design approach Thanks, Brian Haggerty Sourcing Manager Chenoa Information Services Inc. Phone 732-549-6800 Ext 235 Fax 732-549-6041 Email bhaggertychenoainc.com mailtobhaggertychenoainc.com URL www.chenoainc.com httpwww.chenoainc.com www.chenoahealth.com httpwww.chenoahealth.com Ruby on Rails, JavaScript, j Query, OOP, SQL, MVC, .net, responsive web design.	Ruby on Rails Software Engineer	Chenoa Information Services	New York	NY	New York, NY	Dice	Thu, 29 Oct 2015 00:13:34 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=cd5fbf658727b2c2&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa38yNhu40O5Rd3bEoJu0B0aJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kedhef19r3147
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	About Us NBCUniversal is one of the world’s leading media and entertainment companies in the development, production, and marketing of entertainment, news, and information to a global audience. NBCUniversal owns and operates a valuable portfolio of news and entertainment television networks, a premier motion picture company, significant television production operations, a leading television stations group, and world-renowned theme parks. NBCUniversal’s policy is to provide equal employment opportunities to all applicants and employees without regard to race, color, religion, creed, gender, gender identity or expression, age, national origin or ancestry, citizenship, disability, sexual orientation, marital status, pregnancy, veteran status, membership in the uniformed services, genetic information, or any other basis protected by applicable law. Career Level Experienced Country United States State/Province New York City New York Responsibilities ***THIS IS A FULL-TIME STAFF POSITION WITH END DATE*** Role Summary: Do you watch the Today show, or Nightly News? NBC Universal is building world-class enterprise-level software to support the News production environments. We are looking for the best and brightest to help drive the services and solutions developed as part of the Media Technology Solutions group. We are working on exciting technology that drives the entire workflow from producing and editing video content all the way through archival, distribution and re-purposing of the material. We deliver the services and solutions that provide the backbone for the operations team of NBC News to deliver award-wining content. As a Software Engineer you will face challenges from design, development and QA through the full software deployment cycle. About you: You own the command line whether in windows or linux You respect the whiteboard You love building something from scratch, but can also pick up where someone else left off and take it to the next level You understand the importance redundant deployments for large-scale systems • You are a team player, expecting the best of yourself and those on your team Essential Responsibilities: Develop software related to media asset management systems, physical asset order management and reporting platforms, and automated metadata management and media delivery capabilities for edit environments Integrate various software platforms through vendor APIs • Work with vendors on API implementation and troubleshooting, suggesting necessary features and identifying enhancement opportunities Engineer integrated software solutions to anticipate and enable business growth, productivity, and reliability Identify automation opportunities within media workflows, and develop appropriate software solutions Coordinate with internal operational &amp; technology and vendor support teams to isolate issues and drive resolution Develop web services, service layer and Orchestration Engine. Qualifications/Requirements Degree in Computer Science or equivalent work experience Understanding of software architecture grounded in 3+ years of software development and configuration experience Strong knowledge of Python with a 2+ years of experience 3+ years working with IT systems, with a solid understanding of network protocols and standards (e.g. DNS, TCP, HTTP, FTP, SSH) Experience with Red Hat Enterprise Linux, Oracle Enterprise Linux and/or Ubuntu server 2+ years of experience working with front end (UI) tools and web frameworks, preferably based in Python 2+ years of experience defining, documenting, and executing test cases Experience with object-relational mapping technology and architecture Experience working in a GNU/Linux environment for development, including package management and basic system administration Experience working in a Windows Server environment with basic knowledge of Windows usage and administration Experience developing software against documented third-party APIs and working with vendors to identify and correct issues and drive enhancements Experience developing software in a team environment Excellent verbal and written communication skills Desired Characteristics Familiarity with broadcast production or video production systems, including basic knowledge non-linear editing tools such as Avid or Final Cut Pro Experience with Avid Interplay MAM platform Experience with high-volume data migration projects Experience working with Agile and Scrum methodologies for software development and project execution Experience with Avid server systems including ISIS and Interplay Proficiency using HTML5 and Java in a production environment to design and build an effective UX Experience with MS SQL and NoSQL databases Familiarity with open sources technologies such as SaltStack, Celery, RabbitMQ, Redis ***THIS IS A FULL-TIME STAFF POSITION WITH END DATE*** 	Junior Software Engineer - Python	NBC Universal	New York	NY	New York, NY	NBC Universal	Tue, 15 Sep 2015 14:25:20 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=cbf7bbe2991bc457&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa38yNhu40O5Rd3bEoJu0B0aJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kedhef19r3147
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Do you have a fervent enthusiasm for reliable and robust automation frameworks? Does the opportunity to develop an automation framework from the ground up using cutting edge tools and methodologies sound like a captivating opportunity? Are you constantly looking to build/utilize new tools to improve productivity and streamline your day to day? We are looking for skilled Software Engineers in Test to bring advanced and innovative solutions to the to one of the hottest startups out of NYC! YOU HAVE: Experience with Selenium (Ruby and/or Java) and Cucumber Knowledge of best practices automating steps to be robust and reusable Familiarity with OO framework design to optimize reusability and stability Detail oriented mindset with a propensity to logically analyze everything. YOU MIGHT ALSO HAVE: Experience working within an agile team alongside developers to proactively ensure application and application quality. Experience/Knowledge of Test and Behavior driven development methodologies. Requirement/Specification analysis and generation. Generate and maintain testing plans. EMPLOYEES ON OUR TECHNOLOGY TEAM HAVE ACCESS TO... An amazing engineering culture – talented people, challenging work Health, dental, vision and life insurance options for employees and family Professional Development support Unlimited vacation Company equity Our kitchen stocked with fresh fruit, cereal, and unlimited snacks In-office library and arcade Paid parental leave Field days and intramural sports leagues Bagel Mondays Offices in NYC &amp; San Francisco 	Software Engineer in Test	Namely	Manhattan	NY	Manhattan, NY	Namely	Sat, 12 Sep 2015 02:18:11 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=51b53e0905125e74&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa38yNhu40O5Rd3bEoJu0B0aJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kedhef19r3147
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Blue Line Talent is seeking a Software Engineer with strengths in full stack Java for our client in Jersey City, NJ. This is a great role for a software engineer to work with a team of talented and highly motivated members eager to learn new technologies and implement new patterns that enhance the application. Join a mid-sized organization offering technical challenges, a quality corporate culture with stability and excellent benefits. Position Title: Software Engineer - Full Stack Java About the Client: Long established financial services industry firm Competitive base pay plus generous bonus potential Comprehensive benefits including 401(k) retirement, pension, etc. Location: Jersey City, NJ Position Details: Collaborate with cross functional teams for specific Product Development efforts. Assist and provide input during the creation of business requirements and functional design. Work with the QA staff during various phases of testing. Source control management, including use of CVS, branching and other labelling Participate in customer implementation projects from a technical perspective, including Discovery Phases, producing Functional and Technical Specifications, etc. Working with Integration Team to run successful implementation projects to delivery Experience Profile: 3-5 years in software development and engineering with current experience devoted to Java 2+ years Java programming Application development experience using J2EE Experience in Java, SQL, OOP Analytical, and object oriented design skills Experience of HTML/Javascript Understanding of Unix, writing shell scripts Experience with Java, J2EE technologies, design patterns, JMS, JDBC Experience of SQL, particularly MS SQL Server, and specifically stored procedure development Experience of JUnit, ANT and continuous build and test tools Excellent communication skills required for cross-functional collaboration Stable record of direct employment Helpful/Preferred: Financial Services, securities, investments, trading systems or related industry experience BS (MS preferred) in Computer Science, or related technical or engineering subject Hibernate, Maven, JSON and XML, Oracle Understanding of UI technologies (JSP, JavaScript, HTML, AJAX, etc.) NOTES: No third party inquiries This is direct hire role Local candidates strongly preferred Candidates with strong connection to New Jersey and commitment to move can be considered Please apply at: www.bluelinetalent.com/active_jobs Ron Levis Principal &amp; Mgr of Talent Acquisition Blue Line Talent, LLC www.bluelinetalent.com www.linkedin.com/in/ronlevis (Invites are welcome) Moderator, Boston IT Community on LinkedIn (join the discussions!) Blue Line Talent is a member-owner of the NPA, The Worldwide Recruiting Network, your connection to premier independent recruiting firms located throughout Europe, Asia, Australia, Africa and the Americas.	Software Engineer - Full Stack Java	Blue Line Talent, LLC	Jersey City	NJ	Jersey City, NJ	Catalyst Five	Thu, 05 Nov 2015 03:28:48 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=ec2b72dc7bb6e0dc&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa38yNhu40O5Rd3bEoJu0B0aJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kedhef19r3147
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Do you love Uber and want to bring it to the next level? Do you know how to build scalable systems that can propel us through the next 100x growth phase? Then you should join Uber's infrastructure team in NYC. Our NYC software engineering efforts are just getting started, so help shape the culture, work on a small team and be on the ground floor of something big. Our job is to keep the engine running. We’ve built the foundation of a highly cohesive, loosely coupled service-oriented architecture that’s going to need to support a big business and engineering team that’s doubling every six months. We’re eradicating our vanilla single-master-multiple-slave topologies, splitting data processing pipelines up to work in multiple hot datacenters and rethinking queueing systems that now handle hundreds of millions of jobs. Peak load is still a stressful time for us, but we’re hard at work building the next generation platform that will scale with grace. The infrastructure team is building systems for consumption by all the other engineering teams at Uber. We’re setting best practices and helping other teams architect better solutions, and we’re not afraid to get our hands dirty. We might write a data store from scratch, tack a new logical solution on top of an existing one, split up a monolithic codebase or just optimize some SQL queries. We’re going to go in where we’re needed most and ensure that Uber is reliable, durable and scaleable. WE'RE LOOKING FOR Folks who understand computers and what happens when a lot of them get together in a room. We’re building cross-datacenter, multi-master systems. We need engineers who think about monitoring, fault-tolerance, durability and scalability. Experience with code optimization and run-time analysis. Do you dream of strace output? Please join us. Knowledge of data structures and an eye for architecture. Do you know where to use a red-black tree and where to use a hashtable? Let’s talk. Beyond being able to use a database, do you know how they work? Do you care? We do. PERKS Employees are given Uber credits every month. Beautiful new office in Chelsea Delicious catered lunches Sharp, motivated co-workers in a fun office environment Unlimited vacation policy so you can work hard and take time when you need it COMPENSATION Competitive salary Equity compensation plan 401(k) Generous medical, dental and vision coverage to fit your needs Gym reimbursement Help us make transportation so available and affordable that private ownership of automobiles becomes a relic of the past. Reinvent logistics to create a world where everything can be delivered on-demand. Don't you want a job where you can move atoms, not just bits?	Software Engineer - Infrastructure (New York)	Uber Technologies	New York	NY	New York, NY	Uber	Sat, 12 Sep 2015 05:14:07 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=81f1f55c12c47a78&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa38yNhu40O5Rd3bEoJu0B0aJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kedhef19r3147
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Why Join Eden Technologies: Eden is like no other consulting organization on the planet. We are a community of intelligent vibrant technologists and thinkers who understand that there is a revolution taking place in technology with cloud, mobility, and virtualization. Our mission is to change the way people and businesses connect with each other. We believe: In celebrating human relationships and genuine connections. No one can reach their full potential alone. In the pursuit of growth and learning. You should spend your time doing what you are passionate about. In finishing what we start – Done. Done.™ The most elegant design is the simplest. Change is the only constant and that it should be embraced. In having fun . What You Will Do: We are now seeking a highly experienced Software Engineer to join our Engineering Team. In this role, you will be responsible for overseeing the architecture, design, development and implementation of multiple software development projects. The candidate will have a proven ability to drive technical projects and provide leadership for a team of developers in an onsite/offshore delivery model in a fast paced environment. What We Are Looking For: Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or related field required Must have 8 years of experience at a minimum as a software engineer Experience following a Waterfall or RUP-style software development lifecycle, with standard phase gates and artifacts Have disciplined SCM processes Experience with code oversight including peer-review of code and unit test plans Must have 8 years of experience developing object oriented Java code and able to design UML diagrams, including Object &amp; Data Models, sequence and state diagrams, etc. Have experience with Spring, Hibernate frameworks *Have experience developing on Unix/Linux platform Develop applications running in JBoss Application Server Must have 3 years of experience developing Java-based Web Services/Application Services and experience in developing SOA designs At least 2-3 years of experience in developing Java services using Enterprise Service Bus Must have experience with developing web services using SOAP protocol xperience with REST protocol a plus, understanding of it required Some experience with XML/XSLT and understanding of related technologies including XPath, XBRL, etc. Must have 4 years of experience developing SQL code and experience developing ANSI SQL objects &amp; code Experience working with C#/.Net is a plus Experience working with xml, proto files and message queues Experience working with OLAP databases 2-3 years of experience in developing thick and thin client applications using .Net Experience developing user interfaces with JavaScript, Ext_JS, and/or Flex a plus Experience working with a data virtualization technologies such as Composite or similar a plus Understanding Sybase T-SQL a plus Experience designing and developing Java services using the OSGi framework a plus Experience hosting services in Paremus would a plus Appliances such as Greenplum or Netezza a plus Options: Apply for this job online Apply Refer Email this job to a friend Email Refer a LinkedIn connection Share on your newsfeed	AVP - Software Engineer - Java	Eden Technologies, Inc.	New York	NY	New York, NY	Eden Technologies, Inc.	Fri, 11 Sep 2015 07:54:21 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=8abcda8d7884fe6a&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa38yNhu40O5Rd3bEoJu0B0aJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kedhef19r3147
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	DESCRIPTION We are looking for an experienced iOS engineer to join our development team who has a passion for delivering great mobile user experiences and working through complex problems. Candidates should have strong but well-founded opinions on code style, structure, automated processes and product building, and should like to sweat over every little detail while being able to iterate quickly. RESPONSIBILITIES Design and build advanced applications for the iOS platform Setup proper interactions of the front-end design and implementation with backend servers Collaborate with the designers and other developers to integrate new features in the application Write test cases for the front-end code Work on bug fixes and improving application performance Skills &amp; Requirements EDUCATION/EXPERIENCE We are looking for candidates with a BS, MS or PhD in Computer Science, Statistics, Operational Research or related fields and some relevant experience or an equivalent combination of education and relevant experience. DESIRED AND BENEFICIAL SKILLS 2+ Years of iOS development experience (Objective-C and/or Swift) Strong understanding of MVC or MVVM architecture pattern Strong knowledge in object-oriented design, data structures, algorithm, and problem solving Proficient with memory management Ability to design and build prototypes quickly Experience with Git Agile methodologies Unit testing ADVANTAGES OF WORKING WITH US Opportunity to work alongside a young, dynamic and talented team with experienced leadership in an exciting start up environment. Competitive compensation with an opportunities for early stage company stock options Direct and meaningful involvement in building a game changing product in a fun and stimulating environment! About Max2 Inc ABOUT US We are Max 2 Inc. - the makers of the Scene apps ( http://www.sceneapp.io) . Scene is a community powered discovery platform for getting real-time knowledge about local venues and retail offers. There are plenty of review sites already out there, our app will bridge the gap by providing a comprehensive end-to-end solution with cutting edge devices and technologies for users and merchants. Max 2 is an equal opportunity employer. \	iOS Software Engineer	Max2 Inc	New York	NY	New York, NY	StackOverflow Jobs	Tue, 20 Oct 2015 08:17:38 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=91c01497fe1c9ce6&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa38yNhu40O5Rd3bEoJu0B0aJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kedhef19r3147
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Blackbird makes software that forecasts how companies will perform over time. Our software works by applying classic machine learning principles to existing value investment practice. In other words, we teach computers to think about business ground-up, like professional investors do today. We then get them to do the job better. Our work is challenging. A lot of people firmly believe that companies are so complex and so different from one another that only a human being can analyze them. We politely disagree. We have built our company on the premise that thoughtful engineering can consistently accomplish really remarkable things. If the thought of systematically attacking a rich, well-defended domain sounds appealing, we would enjoy meeting you. Skills &amp; Requirements BS/MS in Computer Science or related disciplines fluent in Python fluent in design patterns proficiency in C++/C# 3-8 years of work experience interest in classic value investing About Blackbird We are looking for people who are passionate about creating beautiful, robust technology. Other than that, we are pretty open-minded. We have a small, tight-knit team and are looking for people who want to stay with us long term. If you like investing or finance, it's a plus.	Lead Software Engineer (Python)	Blackbird	New York	NY	New York, NY	StackOverflow Jobs	Fri, 16 Oct 2015 01:57:23 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=b989d172ad222a68&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa38yNhu40O5Rd3bEoJu0B0aJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kedhef19r3147
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	We are looking for a hands-on Lead Mobile Software Engineer to join our team. In this role, you will lead the technical development and deployment of one or more of our games/apps. We work in a “startup” style team environment with a common goal of delivering high performance, visually engaging mobile games to a global audience. New office space in mid-town Manhattan Fortune 500 benefits day one with start-up perks Freedom to execute on YOUR ideas This is an exciting opportunity to have your work seen on mobile devices by millions of players around the world . Role Design, develop and launch mobile-social games Work within a small collaborative team of software engineers, designers and product managers in an agile environment to develop exciting new mobile products Participate in all phases of the software development cycle Solve complex technical challenges in a fast-paced startup environment Build software prototypes and deliver in a fast paced iterative process Help identify areas for improvement in our software development practices, processes and tools Work closely with product management and designers on distilling functional requirements into technical designs that result in innovative mobile products ​ Skills / Responsibilities Extensive software engineering development and design experience with complex products using multiple mobile technologies and languages A record of solid technical achievements and experiences At least one application that has been distributed in a major online marketplace (Google Play or Apple’s App Store) Extensive experience in front end development Demonstrated success defining, developing and launching superior mobile apps targeted at a global audience (e-commerce, social, news and/or games) Recent FastCompany article on new FreshPlanet game: BOXPOP TURNS ONE OF THE IMMORTAL GAME'S MOST ENDURING PUZZLES INTO A GAME FOR EVERYONE About FreshPlanet A venture backed startup with a successful track record of developing and launching innovative and creative mobile / social games A game brand that has captivated and continues to engage millions of players A unique culture where small teams have complete product ownership and help define the future of mobile / social gaming A collaborative work environment where individual strengths are leveraged into team success FreshPlanet , creator of the hit game SongPop , has quickly become the leading social and mobile game developer in New York City. We are a venture-backed startup that's quickly attracted a global audience. The company is developing apps and games around Pop Culture. SongPop has attracted over 100 million players around the world . Current game portfolio: 	Lead Software Engineer - MOBILE GAMES in NYC	FreshPlanet, Inc.	New York	NY	New York, NY	FreshPlanet, Inc.	Wed, 09 Sep 2015 07:27:53 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=8db56d438b21df27&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0UqXGYgJ5rr4P7Rpu21j5aJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kedm031a4l13p
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	You are an experienced developer who wants to get in on the ground floor of NYC's hottest startup and really make your mark. You are passionate about creating a fantastic home-search experience and you feel it is critical that your voice is heard in product and business decisions. Ideally, you’re active in the open-source community. Your work is probably available in the App Store. You have strong opinions on code structure and modularization. You are a great communicator and you take care to understand before making yourself understood. What We're Looking For: ----------------------- Experience developing, releasing, and maintaining native iOS applications in both the the App Store and Enterprise Distribution Deep knowledge of Objective-C, Cocoa, and Xcode Experience collaborating on software projects and working in a team environment. Strong debugging skills Knowledge of algorithms and data structures Bonus: ------ A Github account with open source contributions Experience in Android development Familiarity with Java and Python 	iOS Software Engineer	Compass	New York	NY	New York, NY	Compass	Tue, 13 Oct 2015 05:04:00 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=b0799ea0954a19b4&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0UqXGYgJ5rr4P7Rpu21j5aJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kedm031a4l13p
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Bachelor’s degree with 4+ years of strong analysis, design, development, maintenance, and production support of an application experience using Java, JEE, XML, HTML4/5, ExtJS, Ajax, Javascript, jQuery and SQL, CTI, Spring MVC, ODWEK, ExtJS and C# Experience in developing rich UI using Sencha ExtJS/JQuery/GWT/any UI framework Extensive experience in Web UI framework and Web UI development which includes Usability, Page transition, page navigation, image caching, lazy page loading Experience in Front End payload, able to make decisions on front-end validations, server side validations Experience in end to end application flows Familiarity with client-side tracking Experience in using UI debugging and profiling tools Experience in Transactional flows from Front End to Back end Experience in cross browser platform, reverse Ajax Experience in ExtJS and Spring MVC framework a must Experience in developing template based UI Experience in performance tuning the web application Experience in development of complex multi-layer applications Experience in working with high-available mission critical large scale web application in both Front end and back end Experience in profiling web application Candidate should possess strong analytical skills and be able to abstract information from existing code Experience in development of multi-threaded application in interfacing with other systems Experience in XML and XSLT transformation Experience with Rational IDE tools like RSA and RAD Experience in PL/SQL is a plus Current knowledge of and experience with application servers such as IBM Websphere and/or apache HTTP servers Excellent object-oriented design &amp; programming skills, including strong working knowledge and experience in using UML and design patterns, refactoring Experience with ACCURev version control systems is a plus Expertise in architecting applications based on business requirements Experience in development of call center web application is a plus Strong understanding of standard software development lifecycle methodologies Software development ability, experience, speed, and quality Ability to work on an Agile development environment Interface with different departments within the organization regarding new deployments Excellent inter-personnel communication and teaming skills Skill set J2EE, JQuery, EXTJS, Oracle Work Experience 4+ Yrs Number of positions 1	Software Systems Engineer	RiVi Consulting Group	Piscataway	NJ	Piscataway, NJ	RiVi Consulting Group	Tue, 27 Oct 2015 20:29:18 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=7a92ab5dc4190f2e&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0UqXGYgJ5rr4P7Rpu21j5aJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kedm031a4l13p
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	You will help build features that support free tier monetization, ads infrastructure, organic growth, and promotions. You will build automation and tools to ensure users continue to have a great experience using Spotify. You will collaborate on testing and improving quality in a dynamic, agile environment delivering top notch products. Above all, your work will impact the way the world experiences music. What you'll do Build test automation for ad products across iOS, Android, OSX, and Windows applications Maintain test results and dashboard visualizations of quality Contribute to test frameworks and services Collaborate with peers in engineering, product and design teams to release high quality features Be an overall quality leader and support feature development at all stages Who you are You know how to write readable and maintainable Java or C# You are experienced with test frameworks for Android, iOS, OSX, Windows, or web applications You care about building high quality software in an Agile environment You have three years or more of experience in a Software Engineer in Test role You preferably have worked on large application or service used by millions of people everyday We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.	Software Engineer in Test	Spotify	New York	NY	New York, NY	Spotify	Fri, 18 Sep 2015 01:50:17 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=9dfda822293f4b4b&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0UqXGYgJ5rr4P7Rpu21j5aJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kedm031a4l13p
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Software Engineer Overview Despite still being in stealth, our launch partners are already using our tools in production and, you'll see that your code matters by working directly with customers. Our mission is to build a general purpose AI platform that lets other developers easily build machine learning applications. We believe AI is destined to be the biggest event in the history of human labor since the industrial revolution and you must share the same passion. There are already many applications, ranging from self-driving cars to medical software that diagnoses patients, where AI gets the job done faster, better and cheaper. This technology is something which is not available to the masses and that is where we step in; as you will be joining a team whom are working to make that kind of AI available to everyone. The team as it sits consists exclusively of engineers who have experience working on machine learning and internet-scale apps for companies big and small. Joining this team you will help advance state of the art tools by developing novel machine learning approaches, building self-configuring, self-healing, self-tuning distributed systems and you will deliver developer-centric tools you'd love using yourself. Technical Abilities Knowledge and experience in functional programming, with at least 1 high level and 1 low level language; (i.e. Java, C++ and Ruby/Python). AI &amp; Machine Learning will be nice to have but can certainly be picked up on the job. Clojure is a nice to have, as it is the core language Ability to own unit testing in regards to your own code Degree in Computer Science OR industry experience 	Software Engineer	Greythorn IT Recruitment	New York	NY	New York, NY	Greythorn IT Recruitment	Fri, 09 Oct 2015 22:07:24 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=5d53b999defa2bf8&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0UqXGYgJ5rr4P7Rpu21j5aJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kedm031a4l13p
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Software Engineer - Python Lake Success, NY Our Client, a leading digital solutions for automotive retail, is currently looking for a Software Engineer with web development experience in Python - Django and exposure to Software as a Service to join their team in Lake Success, NY. Their Software Engineers are energetic innovative influencers who have built a world-class software platform. Their offices span nearly 20 cities from coast to coast with location-specific programs and amenities to create work environments that encourage creativity, risk, taking, collaboration, innovation and employee development. The Job: As a Software Engineer, you will work in a collaborative team environment that encourages you to perform at your best, and challenges you to engineer elegant solutions for complex business problems. You will architect, design and develop robust software systems with unit and systems testing. You will need to be able to quickly learn and use new technologies, troubleshoot difficult problems and be an expert with the software lifecycle including scoping and estimation of requirements along with writing of technical documentation. Technology Used: Github Enterprise, Continuous Integration, Jenkins, Python, Django, Celery, Django Rest Framework, SQLAlchemy, Redis, MongoDB and vagrant. Responsibilities: Coding of SaaS applications in an Agile development environment Developing automated tests, predicting areas of risk, and coordinating with our QA staff to achieve the best blend of error prevention and error detection possible Collaborate with other developers on best practices, code reviews, internal tools and process improvements Guide, coach and mentor team members as required, assisting in the team’s skills development during software development projects Required: Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or related field or equivalent experience. 3 - 5 years of related work experience. 3 – 4 years of total experience in object oriented web development (OOD) 2+ years of experience of web development with Python/Django 2 years of Java or other OOD web technology Ability to work independently; designing, developing and deploying solutions, and to deliver projects on time with minimal direction Experience with both UI and backend development including using one ORM technology 2+ years of experience with development work on Linux Experience using development tools include source control (SVN, Git, Mercurial), IDEs, and defect tracking tools Ability and desire to learn new skills and technologies are essential About our Client: Our company is a dynamic, innovative technology company that revolutionized the automotive retail industry with the first online finance and credit application network in 2001. Our state-of-the-art, web-based solutions are embraced by all major segments of the automotive retailing trade including dealers, financing sources, original equipment manufacturers (OEMs), third-party retailers, agents and aftermarket providers, fueling our tremendous growth. Our Software Engineers are energetic influencers who have built a world-class software platform, for auto dealers, from the ground up. We’re looking for thinkers at every stage in their career with intensity and creativity to take on the biggest challenges in our industry. Risk-taking is encouraged here, and we reward great results. Collaboration and support are woven into the fabric of everything we do; from 24-hour Hackathon groups to sprint reviews and scrum teams, you’ll be immersed in an environment that nurtures individualism, creative problem-solving, and intellect. At our company, we believe that our uncompromising technology and services are powered by the collaboration of our talented staff, join us in taking our product offerings to the next level. Our nearly 20 offices across North America are built around invention and innovation and include unique approaches to health and wellness, culture, and professional growth, evidenced by multiple national, state, and local awards and recognition for workplace excellence. We are committed to maintaining a culture of wellness that will help our team members thrive. Our wellness programs are designed to engage you in a variety of activities to improve your health and well-being by providing progressive benefits including: health club partial reimbursement, options for discounts on car purchases with our vendor partners, local business partnership programs and home water delivery. In addition, we have made great strides in developing location-specific programs and amenities (including fitness centers, wellness classes, training and professional development courses, nutrition-committed cafeterias, and more) that keep team members energized, engaged and doing great work. Maintaining a good work-life balance is important to us and we provide a number of programs to help you balance your work and personal life. Some of our program offerings include: alternative work arrangements, paid time off Additional Information Salary Range - $80,000 – $115,000 Benefits - Medical Ins. Dental Ins. Vision Ins. Life Ins. Retirement Relocation – Not offered 5 positions available Direct Reports - zero Reports To – Sr Director of Software Engineering Remote Work - Remote work not available Travel - Travel not required Visa - Candidate visas are supported Send Cover Letter and Resume in WORD Format only! Job Type: Full-time Salary: $115,000.00 /year Required experience: Object Oriented Web development, Python/Django, ORM: 3 years Required education: Bachelor's 	Software Engineer- Python	Lucas Select	Lake Success	NY	Lake Success, NY	Indeed	Sun, 04 Oct 2015 14:14:34 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=063656daba3d3a54&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0UqXGYgJ5rr4P7Rpu21j5aJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kedm031a4l13p
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Help us turn a great product into a perfect one. ------------------------------------------------ CB Insights is a seeking a Software Engineer in Test who can design and implement automated systems that test our products in every conceivable way. This includes scripts that ensure any code we deploy to production - whether related to our web app, our API or even our Chrome extension - is of the highest quality. The Software Engineer in Test will work closely with software developers and product managers to devise system, regression and stress test plans. This person will also manage the bug fix pipeline, prioritizing and ultimately verifying closure. Key Responsibilities: --------------------- Work with engineers and product managers to create, implement, and improve QA procedures for our web interface and API products Perform and participate in all aspects of manual and automated verification. This includes feature and functional testing, unit testing, regression, load and performance testing Provide clear bug and issue descriptions and assist in escalations as needed Create and apply new approaches and concepts to improve the productivity and efficiency of testing practices Required Experience and Qualifications: --------------------------------------- Strong programming skills obtained through a degree or equivalent experience Demonstrated ability to handle QA applications independently Ability to confidently tell a developer something isn't working properly even when he/she insists that it is A desire to constantly improve things ;-) An analytical, detail-oriented mind, as well as strong verbal / written skills Experience working in Agile Scrum teams; even better if you know JIRA Familiarity with JavaScript, jQuery, Go, Python and PHP are pluses 	Software Engineer In Test	CB Insights	New York	NY	New York, NY	CB Insights	Tue, 22 Sep 2015 22:50:53 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=a650a9c2effb4d81&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0UqXGYgJ5rr4P7Rpu21j5aJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kedm031a4l13p
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Location US- NJ, Jersey City Req # 25694 Functional Area Product Development/Engineering Preferred Experience Not Indicated Preferred Education Masters Degree Position Summary At Citrix, SaaS Division, we build beautifully simple and easy-to-use Cloud-based software products. You probably know us by such industry-defining brand names as GoToMeeting®, GoToMyPC® and GoToAssist®, as well as other award winning, web-based Collaboration, Access and Support products and services. Our products enable customers around the world to enjoy highly productive, mobile workstyles. The Opportunity Because Citrix continues to rapidly grow, we are looking for a Sr. Software Engineer 2 to join our Audio Platform Engineering team in Jersey City, NJ. Citrix SaaS division operates one of the largest distributed audio conferencing infrastructures in the world. As a Sr. Software Engineer 2, you will be responsible for design, evaluation and implementation of innovative software components for an object oriented, highly scalable, distributed and fault tolerant system. You will help us to implement our next generation audio platform delivering leading edge audio quality to customers using our collaboration software (GoToMeeting, GoToWebinar, and GoToTraining) as well as our stand-alone audio conferencing service (Open Voice). As Sr. Software Engineer 2, you will be given the opportunity to take the technical lead on complex projects, and your recommendations will be used to advise on design and development approach. You will have the opportunity to not only grow your own career, but to teach and develop team members.You’ll apply your skills and experience in an agile/scrum environment, working closely with developers, designers, and product managers. If you are looking for an opportunity to work on cutting edge, cloud based, Software-as-a-Service products for a major player in the software/tech industry this just may be the place for you!. Qualifications and Requirements Master’s degree or equivalent in computer science, electrical engineering, or related field is preferred, with a minimum of 6 years of directly related work experience (2 years for PhD) in one of these fields (equivalent experience may be substituted for formal education Expertise in C++ and one or more scripting languages (e.g., Unix shell, PERL, Java script). Expertise in OOAD principles and methodologies (e.g., UML) and OS concepts Expertise in Unix programming required Expertise in real-time communication server design and architecture Expertise in Networking technologies and multi-threaded programming Experience in implementing highly scalable, distributed fault tolerant systems Extensive knowledge and discipline in software engineering process; experience as a technical lead on complex projects, providing guidance on design and development approach LI-DB2 	Sr Software Engineer (C++)	Citrix Systems, Inc.	Jersey City	NJ	Jersey City, NJ	Citrix Systems, Inc.	Sun, 04 Oct 2015 08:59:12 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=75fce10ce48ff13f&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0UqXGYgJ5rr4P7Rpu21j5aJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kedm031a4l13p
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Sr. Software Engineer in Test POSITION SUMMARY Purpose: Implement, integrate and maintain software components that are in accordance with the team’s charter. Customers: The QA Lead is the main customer for this role. Since the QA Lead is the surrogate for the project stakeholders, all project stakeholders from Marketing, Implementation, Customer Support, and Production Management are customers as well. A Senior QA Engineer will be expected to serve as the main project liaison when needed. Measurements of Success: Timeliness, Quality, and Communication KEY SKILLS/COMPETENCIES Proficient in refactoring, test automation, testable and modular code, build infrastructure, test-driven development Strong in all areas of software development, especially analysis and design Analytical and programming skills Experience with object oriented techniques Communication (verbal &amp; written) and interpersonal skills Problem-resolution and decision-making skills Ability to balance multiple projects concurrently POSITION RESPONSIBILITIES Partner with the Scrum team to plan, write, execute and refactor manual and automated test cases to provide story coverage Develop high quality test automation code Maintains and improves current automation framework Participate in root cause analysis and track defect resolution to completion Review and provide feedback on test designs and test cases Communicate status frequently and participate in cross-group and internal customer feature demos Participates in peer code and design reviews Acts as a mentor to other engineers QUALIFICATIONS BS in Computer Science/Engineering, Software Engineering 3+ years of Software Test Engineering experience in a professional setting Demonstrated knowledge of the software development life cycle, especially in the analysis of software design, code development and its application to testing Ability to write automation frameworks from scratch Detail oriented and result driven Technical experience in: C#, Web Services (SOA), XML ASP .NET MVC, JavaScript Java or python experience is a plus Web automation frameworks such as Selenium or Coded UI Demonstrated knowledge of SQL and RDBMS concepts Knowledge and/or experience testing financial or e-commerce web applications is a plus A passion for testing, breaking software, and defending the customer’s experience Team-oriented but self-reliant *D-SPS	Sr. Software Engineer in Test	SPS Commerce	Parsippany	NJ	Parsippany, NJ	SPS Commerce	Thu, 05 Nov 2015 22:30:00 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=3649ac05b236e2ad&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0UqXGYgJ5rr4P7Rpu21j5aJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kedm031a4l13p
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Software Engineer Ready to hire! Multiple openings! Fantastic opportunity with a very successful company with cutting-edge technology and a staff consisting of many of the brightest technical talent in the world. Will relocate the right candidate. Bachelor’s degree from a top university with a GPA of 3.5 or higher. Master’s degree preferred. Top computer science program preferred (Carnegie Mellon University, Massachusetts Institute of Technology/MIT, Stanford University, University of California-Berkeley, Cornell University, University of Illinois-Urbana-Champaign, Princeton University, University of Washington, University of Texas-Austin, Georgia Institute of Technology, California Institute of Technology, University of Wisconsin-Madison, University of Michigan-Ann Arbor, etc. Responsibilities: -Tackle the hardest problems through analysis, experimentation, design, and elegant implementation. -Build what the organization needs to explore data's possibilities and act on findings. Qualifications: -Bachelor’s degree, at minimum, from a top university with a GPA of 3.5 or higher. Master’s degree preferred. -Exceptional programming skills. -Experience with C or languages that target the JVM. -Knowledge of kernel level development. -Knowledge of machine learning. -Knowledge of distributed systems. -Experience in large-scale systems is highly desirable. -Strong analytical and organizational skills.	Software Engineer	Next Step Systems	New York	NY	New York, NY	Next Step Systems	Fri, 09 Oct 2015 16:51:51 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=e7deed25bc1f21ee&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0UqXGYgJ5rr4P7Rpu21j5aJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kedm031a4l13p
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Do you want to change peoples lives in a major way? We are looking for passionate, humble, and positive developers to join our team and do just that! What’s the Job? In this role, you will work with the development team to innovate upon and grow our API. This includes architecture and design, writing and shipping quality code, and building real products from the ground up. This is collaboration at its finest. You will work alongside and together with product managers and mobile developers to bring us to the next level! Who Are We? We are a well-funded startup ($20 million so far) that is in the relationship business. We connect people in a truly unique fashion, utilizing technology to bring people together while maintaining the most important part, human connection! Compensation $105,000-$160,000 (depending on skills and experience) Equity 0.1%-0.75% (depending on skills and expereince) Full Benefits What Skills Do We look for? Fluid abilities in Python• Major Plusses include: Heroku, Django, AWS, MongoDB, &amp; Redis Back-End API Experience What's In It For You? Here's your chance to join an exciting and growing start-up and to get in on the ground floor! You will have the opportunity to work on a close knit and highly versatile team in a great start up culture. P.S. We are dog friendly!	Software Engineer: build the product your friends use!	Averity	New York	NY	New York, NY	Averity	Fri, 16 Oct 2015 22:49:47 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=6a5bbe2c6a6f7288&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0UqXGYgJ5rr4P7Rpu21j5aJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kedm031a4l13p
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	iHeartRadio, iHeartMedia’s free digital radio service, is the No. 1 all-in-one digital audio service with over 600 million downloads; it reached its first 20 million registered users faster than any digital service in Internet history and reached 70 million users faster than any digital music service and even faster than Twitter, Facebook and Pinterest. The company’s operations include radio broadcasting, online, mobile, digital and social media, live concerts and events, syndication, music research services and independent media representation. iHeartRadio is looking for a Web Engineer to work on our high visibility music products. This is not your average “jQuery monkey” position, you’ll be working on cutting-edge high traffic Javascript applications, where reliability and high performance are key. The person should be responsible for architectural software decisions, as well as software implementation in a team environment. The environment is dynamic with focus on creative thinking and usage of open source to solve complex problems and business needs. Required Skills: 3+ years of hands-on experience with full stack web development (front-end/backend development &amp; preferably basic DevOps). Serious vanilla JavaScript skills (ES5+, we have polyfills for ES3 so no worries). Experience with Node.JS and React (heap profiling Node, identifying performance bottlenecks, native Node C++ addons…). A good visual eye and solid CSS/SASS experience. Ability to independently set tasks and complete work with limited direction. Excellent written and verbal communications. Ability to manage competing priorities in a complex environment and maintain high productivity. Ability to devise creative technical solutions. Bachelor’s degree or equivalent. iHeartMedia is an equal opportunity employer and will not tolerate discrimination in employment on the basis of race, color, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, religion, disability, ethnicity, national origin, marital status, veteran status, or any other legally-protected status. Required Skills Required Experience	Software Engineer	iHeartMedia, Inc.	New York	NY	New York, NY	iHeartMedia, Inc.	Tue, 15 Sep 2015 06:49:22 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=e64d3a35c525a9e9&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0UqXGYgJ5rr4P7Rpu21j5aJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kedm031a4l13p
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	The Always On team at MTV News is looking for an experienced Senior JavaScript Engineer to lead our runtime architecture design and implementation efforts to create cutting edge experiences for both website readers and content creators. We’re looking to develop high-performance and scalable experiences for our visitors, as well as modular components for our publishing tools. We are not looking for a scripter who can follow established examples, but someone who fundamentally understands software development, the asynchronous nature of the client runtime environment, and how to get the best performance for our users. This is a great opportunity for an experienced JavaScript engineer looking for the next exciting step in their career and is willing to utilize new technologies to build cutting edge interfaces in an Agile, TDD/BDD environment. Why You’d Want to Work Here Great team culture. We value the contributions of smart people and consider all our endeavors as experiments, conceding up front that everything must be proven. We declare hypotheses and then set forth testing and validating them, applying adjustments iteratively in response to real world performance. Scale. The work you do will shape the experience of millions of daily users. Highly innovative products. The news space is rapidly evolving across multiple platforms and requires pushing the envelope with new forms of storytelling experiences, as well the tools our editors and writers use to compose them. Working with New Technologies. We leverage best-of breed technologies to help us create high-performance experiences with building blocks that are easy to maintain and quick to iterate with. Once you join the team, you will help us make fundamental initial decisions about our front end products — both for the public website and our authoring tools. In the case of the former, you’ll be involved in the implementation of — and provide fundamental guidance for — a complete rewrite of the client-side code base. Work with the website front end team to architect and implement non-blocking progressively enhanced interactive content experiences for our site visitors that scale smoothly with their devices networking and resource capabilities. Work directly with the editorial products team to prototype and implement modular tools that will improve authoring workflows and ultimately benefit our readers. Lead the technical implementation of features and projects. Contribute to architecture decisions that set the course for future development of our CMS. Basic Qualifications Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or equivalent experience. Additional Qualifications Comprehensive Javascript knowledge and experience building and maintaining complex Javascript-based applications. Experience working with emerging libraries/frameworks/tools such as Backbone, AngularJS, Ember, Marionette, Handlebars, RequireJS, Browserify, Grunt, Bower, Node.js, NPM, Less, Sass, Bootstrap, Foundations, Socket.IO, Express Ability to evaluate source code of third party libraries to gain deeper understanding about their strengths, weaknesses and suitability for a given task. Competency in interface implementation. Candidate can put together a compelling prototype without having a design handed off, or can follow existing design patterns to expand on an existing UI. A solid understanding of web application architecture, object oriented software, and design patterns. Strong communication skills and willingness to collaborate with end users and iterate software designs based on feedback. HTML5 and CSS3 Node.js TDD/BDD SMACSS/BEM/SASS/LESS PhantomJS/Selenium Responsive design Previous exposure to high transactional sites The ideal candidate will be an experienced Front-End Engineer as well as a technology enthusiast with exceptional Javascript skills and come from an Agile environment. Solid understanding of HTML and CSS3 is also important. You should also have experience working with software teams, especially with use of code versioning software (we use Git!) and issue tracking systems (we use JIRA). Previous experience of mentoring and leading projects would be very useful. #LI-MP1	SENIOR SOFTWARE ENGINEER, JAVASCRIPT	Viacom	New York	NY	New York, NY	Viacom	Fri, 18 Sep 2015 20:38:09 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=c4cb5bac20dac7a4&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0UqXGYgJ5rr4P7Rpu21j5aJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kedm031a4l13p
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Are you passionate about delivering a great customer experience? Do you consider yourself someone who can speak the language of both engineers and creative designers? Are you interested in seeing how the next generation of the Amazon-family of websites is being built? Do you want to work in an office with a spectacular view of the Manhattan skyline? If so, Quidsi is looking for a Senior Software Development Engineer to join our team to help us re-launch our 9 websites. WHAT DOES A SOFTWARE DEVELOPMENT ENGINEER AT QUIDSI DO? As an SDE, you will use your specialized skills to help deliver the next generation of Quidsi’s nine retail websites. Our SDEs are in constant communication with our creative and business teams and play a pivotal role in influencing our customer experience decisions. Our team follows an Agile approach to software delivery and we deploy our software continuously. With that in mind, candidates who learn quickly, solve problems, insist on writing high quality code and enjoy working in a rapidly changing environment will be the most successful. WHO IS QUIDSI? Quidsi Inc., is a subsidiary of Amazon and entrepreneurial parent company, to nine websites, the most well-known being Diapers.com (baby care) and Soap.com (health, beauty and household essentials). The Quidsi family of sites also includes BeautyBar.com, Wag.com, Casa.com, YoYo.com, Vine.com, AfterSchool.com and Look.com. We like to work hard and play hard, always striving to improve our business, our people, our culture and the experience for our customers. Go to Quidsi.com to learn more. Basic Qualifications · Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or related field or 4+ years of relevant work experience · 4+ years of experience with fundamentals in object-oriented design, data structures, algorithms and problem solving · 4+ years of experience with at least one modern programming language such as Java, Ruby, C#, Python, etc. Preferred Qualifications · Experience working in an agile development environment · Experience building highly-available distributed systems on a cloud infrastructure (e.g. AWS) · Experience delivering low-latency, consumer-internet-scale web services · Experience training and mentoring the engineering community on complex technical issues · Ability to manage expectations, meet firm deadlines and thrive in a dynamic work environment · Strong verbal and written communication skills Quidsi Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer-Affirmative Action Employer Female/Minority/Disability/Vet .tch1.qds.crp.	Senior Software Development Engineer – Soap.com, Amazon Subsidiary	Quidsi, Inc.	Jersey City	NJ	Jersey City, NJ	Amazon.com	Thu, 08 Oct 2015 08:32:05 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=46cc6ca709d031c9&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0UqXGYgJ5rr4P7Rpu21j5aJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kedm031a4l13p
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	A legal start up here in NYC is aiming to be the one stop shop for all things related to employment pre-start requirements. This includes tying together the convoluted world of verifying ID’s, qualifications and credentials, and criminal conviction checks. With the sharing economy growing faster than ever, this startup will also help the onboarding of 1099 consultants and workers. At this time they require a PHP developer who can help build the initial platform for clients. Experience with the LAMP stack, in addition to front end chops and AWS is highly preferred. Required Skills · Must have at least 4 years of experience with PHP and OOP · Must have developed a user facing database driven web application · Previous work in a startup and desire to help a startup from the ground up · Capable of using multiple frameworks such as Laravel, Zend, or Phalcon · Previous work with RESTful web services · Knowledge of TDD or experience scaling AWS services · Strong communication skills to both technical and non-technical staff · See and believe in the “Big Picture” Benefits Competitive Salary + Full Insurance Benefits Keyword Tags PHP, LAMP, Legal, Zend, Laravel, Phalcon, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Backend, AWS, 1099, Full Time, Start up, Background Che	Senior PHP Software Engineer (135K+)	Jobspring Partners	New York	NY	New York, NY	Jobspring Partners	Fri, 16 Oct 2015 17:50:38 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=c9ddb3ffe8b24831&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0UqXGYgJ5rr4P7Rpu21j5aJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kedm031a4l13p
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Kitchensurfing empowers people to eat together and to eat purposefully by bringing personal chefs into their home kitchens. As a Software Engineer at Kitchensurfing you will be responsible for working on a cross-disciplinary team of designers, product managers, and other engineers to design and implement product features across our entire stack. We're committed to code quality and productivity, and with those values in mind we practice test-driven development and continuous integration in a Rails/JS/iOS environment. You: 2-4 years of experience developing software Proficient in some or all of the technologies we use every day: Ruby on Rails, JavaScript, HTML/CSS Experienced in web development Write high-quality code and have a strong appreciation for automated testing More interested in building a great product and shipping features than figuring out the cleverest solution to a problem Team player with a strong sense of individual accountability and awareness Want to enjoy coming to work each day to build a product that delights people Native iOS development experience a plus 	Software Engineer	Kitchensurfing	New York	NY	New York, NY	Kitchensurfing	Thu, 17 Sep 2015 09:54:03 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=06979723df25bcf3&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0UqXGYgJ5rr4P7Rpu21j5aJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kedm031a4l13p
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Airtime is a highly skilled team looking to transform the way we communicate digitally. Our vision is to live in a world where we can be together with anyone from any device at any time. This means bridging the multitude of technical and psychological barriers to video chatting. It's a pretty insane challenge, but that's what we thrive on over here at Airtime. Founded by Sean Parker and backed by all the major VCs, we're tackling these issues head-on by building a new synchronous social media and a powerful optimized-WebRTC video engine to facilitate it. This technology is cutting-edge and has no other counterpart in the market. The future of telecommunications is ours to take. Are you intrigued? We hire people we admire. What should we admire about you? Job Description The Web team at Airtime has an exciting challenge to bring our video experience onto the desktop. This work will vastly improve the experience for millions of users across the globe and will open our platform to many new use-cases mobile can't account for. With a native application, speed will decrease even further. As the fourth engineer on our team you will: Develop Airtime?s in-browser experience to handle millions of requests per day Build for high-level performance quality across all browsers which support our media protocols Architect new custom libraries for reusability and security Integrate with our WebRTC media engine to facilitate multi-party video chats Work with WebRTC drops, echo cancellation, noise suppression issues to improve video chat quality Invent, contribute and implement support for next-generation features, which may be your own design Improve and deliver reliable software through continuous integration, automated testing and code reviews. Unit test everything, but know when to ask our stellar test team for some scripts Mentor and learn In order to succeed at these goals, you will likely need to have: Expertise in Javascript and at least one front-end framework Worked with video clients or other synchronous communication systems Experience working on consumer products Understanding of clients/server architectures An unrelenting drive to keep large and complex code bases clean, maintainable and reusable A fearless mindset when tackling new challenges Comfort and delight in a small, intense, high-growth startup environment At least 2+ years of solid experience in the field This position is in midtown New York City. No remote work (except for occasional WFH). Airtime will help with relocation if needed. Required skills The following is our technological stack here at Airtime. Not all these skills are required. The bolded are necessary competencies to succeed in this role, but for all else we simply ask for a desire to learn. Node.JS React.JS Objective-C Java (Android) AWS/ECS Docker Ansible/Salt/Chef/Puppet MongoDB HTTP and REST WebServices C/C++ WebRTC Git Jira Benefits Not specified	Software Engineer, Web	Airtime	New York	NY	New York, NY	StartUpHire	Tue, 03 Nov 2015 04:54:49 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=206832eef3b827bf&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0UqXGYgJ5rr4P7Rpu21j5aJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kedm031a4l13p
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	The team develops cutting edge distributed, highly parallelized, big data processing, storage and analytic cloud services for the financial industry. This firm has grown every year for decades including through the downturn. They have a relentless focus on software quality and delivering the best product in their space. If you are energized by the pursuit of excellence we should be talking. Compared to trading organizations this firm offers much more stability and professional opportunity as well as clear direction and historical performance. Benefits include world class Manhattan salaries, 4 weeks vacation to start, 100% covered ins. for you and your family, paid life and disability on you, outstanding 401K contributions, and a highly lucrative bonus system. Qualifications: - (BS+) in Computer Science/Computer Engineering or comparable experience - 5+ years of experience in development/design the software with C++ or JVM based languages - Experience working with data distributed across large data storage clusters is desired - Experience in the storage infrastructures such as NFS, HDFS and Cassandra - Experience with building large-scale distributed enterprise or hosted storage systems - Excellent problem solving and multi-tasking skills, with a creative and flexible attitude - Desire and ability to share ideas, solid verbal and written communication skills - Experience with Amazon AWS services (specifically S3, EMR, RDS and EC2) is a plus Job Type: Full-time Required experience: C++ large scale development, storage: 5 years Required license or certification: authorized to work in the US Required education: Bachelor's 	Senior Software Development Engineer – NY	Core Search Group	New York	NY	New York, NY	Indeed	Tue, 13 Oct 2015 07:36:59 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=2dee88927fa10977&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0UqXGYgJ5rr4P7Rpu21j5aJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kedm031a4l13p
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Veeco Instruments delivers leading process equipment solutions that drive tomorrow’s technology breakthroughs today. We help our customers — manufacturers of high-brightness LEDs, solar panels, hard disk drives, semiconductor chips, wireless devices and more — to make a more productive, cleaner and sustainable environment, and enable discoveries and products that will change our lives. Veeco is a dynamic, innovative and high-growth company recognized as the best in the markets we serve. We are growing our Software Development team! If you have a passion for programming, particularly with tool/motion control, robotics, simulation, this may be the technical team you want to be part of! This is a Software Engineer I position and will be working closely with a development team that are software experts of our industry. We have multiple openings and the desired experience for this position is with C# and or VB.NET. Responsibilities Development using C# and VB.NET Design and support complex PC-based software systems Design intuitive user interfaces based on user feedback Identify and use other 3rd party software components as appropriate Trace and modify existing code Understand and troubleshoot large electromechanical systems Creation of test cases that address software scenarios, system testing, regression testing, negative testing, error or defect retest, performance monitoring and usability Working with testers, developers, and operations to help reproduce and solve field and internal issues in the application, network, and environment Conducting test cases on: large hardware tools and simulation of hardware tools Assist in automatic installers to release the software Scripting and executing load tests and analyzing results Verify release notes with applicable test cases Install and configure re-creations of the software production environments Review software documentation to assure accuracy Work in an Agile/SCRUM environment using supporting tools Attend software status and release readiness meetings Qualifications B.S. Degree in Computer Science or related degree Experience with WIN 7 Experience with developing in C# and VB.Net Understanding of software design and network architectures Experience with building and/or testing software desired Basic SQL query skills and understanding of database schemas desired Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities: Must have good understanding of C# and VB.Net or newer Familiarity with modern software development practices (e.g. version control, issue tracking, automated testing, code review, agile practices) Strong oral and written communication skills Detail oriented Veeco is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. Applicants will be considered for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, protected veteran status, disability, or any other characteristics protected by applicable federal, state or local law. ind1 #LI-SS1 Apply to this job Apply for this job online Apply Refer Email this job to a friend Email Refer a LinkedIn connection Share on your newsfeed	Software Engineer	Veeco	Plainview	NY	Plainview, NY	Veeco	Tue, 29 Sep 2015 07:13:49 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=ac5bfb5cbdd1b758&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0UqXGYgJ5rr4P7Rpu21j5aJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kedm031a4l13p
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	SOFTWARE ENGINEER - $70-90K Software Engineer with experience of developing Database SQL Server 2008 R2 stored procedures, functions, ASP.NET, VB.NET, HTML, AJAX, Web Services, JavaScript, jQuery, CSS Responsibilities: Participates in all phases of the Software Development Process including design, development, testing, deployment, and maintenance. Create database tables, indexes, views, and other objects in development environment. Develop new/modify existing stored procedures and functions in SQL Server, packages. Develop robust SQL statements. Optimize them for maximum performance by analyzing the execution plan and applying optimizer hints as needed. Develop and maintain web pages using ASP.NET, Visual Studio 2012 as IDE. Debug and fix issues pertaining to the website functionality, both front end and back end issues Skills: Minimum of a B.S. in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering or equivalent strongly preferred 2+ years of developing and testing business application systems. 1+ years of application development experience with SQL Server 2008 or higher. Experience with RDBMS (especially, SQL Server). Experience with analyzing and optimizing SQL statements. 2+ years of experience in ASP.Net, VB.NET, C#, AJAX, JavaScript, jQuery. Knowledge of Web Services Preferred. Strong interpersonal skills to interact with diverse groups of individuals and the ability to maintain effective work relationships are desired. Excellent verbal and written skills. CONTACT judy@engagestaff.com	Software Engineer - Fairfield, NJ	Engage Partners	Fairfield	NJ	Fairfield, NJ	Engage Partners	Wed, 21 Oct 2015 18:40:29 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=b1e5e94ff4b7138c&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0UqXGYgJ5rr4P7Rpu21j5aJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kedm031a4l13p
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Our client is looking for a Software Engineer for a permanent position in New York City.Required Skills &amp; Qualifications BS/MS in Computer Science/Computer Engineering or equivalent work experience Scala or Java (e.g. Guice, Jackson, JUnit, Guava, Gradle, Mockito, etc) Working knowledge of at least one testing framework (e.g. JUnit)Preferred Skills &amp; Qualifications Experience working in Agile environment Strong understanding of Design Patterns Industry knowledge beneficial Working knowledge of Build &amp; Deploy frameworks (Gradle, Jenkins, Chef) Experience working on large open source projects Working knowledge of Git Comfortable with Dependency Injection (e.g. Guice) Domain Driven Design backgroundAbout Eliassen Group: Eliassen Group has been driving the success of our clients, consultants, and employees within Technology Staffing and Consulting Services since 1989. For over 25 years, we have been at the forefront of innovation by uniting talented people and quality solutions within successful companies to help them attain their business objectives. Our solution oriented approach to understanding your needs ensures that we identify and represent the best possible talent available in the market, personally selected and matched to your requirements by our highly-tenured, extraordinarily capable recruiting team. Our consulting divisions include expertise focused on Agile, Big Data, Biometrics &amp; Data Solutions, Government Services, Healthcare IT, Life Sciences and Workforce Management. Eliassen Group is privately held and headquartered in Wakefield, MA.	Software Engineer - Platform Developer	Eliassen Group	New York	NY	New York, NY	Eliassen Group	Mon, 12 Oct 2015 19:01:47 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=0f64fe67069f8cc1&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0UqXGYgJ5rr4P7Rpu21j5aJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kedm031a4l13p
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	We are seeking creative and thoughtful software engineers to join the company’s Risk Management effort. Working alongside our Chief Risk Officer, you will perform duties including but not limited to the following: Developing innovative tools and platform enhancements to help manage existing and new daily and intraday risk reports; Monitoring critical risk input data; Analyzing various output risk metrics. You will play a key role in building, maintaining and extending technology platforms for analyzing, monitoring, and reporting on various risks. Requirements Include: A strong academic record with a degree or concentration in Computer Science, Computer Engineering or a scientific discipline. Solid technical ability, including proficiency with Java, C or comparable languages. Additional scripting languages (Python, Groovy, Bash) desired but not required. A background in mathematics or statistics is highly desired but not required. Strong communication skills, keen attention to detail, readiness to challenge assumptions and obsession with building quality software. We are open-minded in our search for critical thinkers who are passionate about technology. While we analyze the data-rich domain of finance, financial experience is not a requirement. 	Software Engineer, Risk Platform	Two Sigma Investments, LLC.	New York	NY	New York, NY	Two Sigma Investments, LLC.	Mon, 07 Sep 2015 06:06:54 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=a205c3411d4b80e3&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0UqXGYgJ5rr4P7Rpu21j5aJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kedm031a4l13p
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Description: We are looking for entry level software engineering talent who will design, develop, document, test and debug applications for real-time aircraft simulation products. This is a hands on software engineering position The successful candidate will support integration and configuration of computational system architecture and software for real-time simulation applications Entry level engineers will support functional requirements implementation for software systems Create new simulation models using established and new modeling techniques Design, develop, code, integrate and test simulation software to meet requirements Troubleshoot and maintain existing simulation models Apply software engineering principles to complete assigned tasks and schedule commitments Complete work with a reasonable amount of direction Must possess the ability to work within and positively contribute to a team environment Apply sound engineering principles, develop innovative solutions and participate in design reviews Prepare, check and coordinate release of support documentation to appropriate program and company standards Communicate status/issues along with solutions/recommendations to lead engineers Skills: Required knowledge: Intermediate level of C#, C++ or JAVA Ability to navigate and develop basic scripts in LINUX Version control over code Debugging Education: BS in Computer Science or Computer Engineering or equivalent required. Job Type: Full-time Salary: $68,000.00 /year Required education: Bachelor's 	junior Software Engineer	AMG TECHNOLOGY	Jersey City	NJ	Jersey City, NJ	Indeed	Wed, 30 Sep 2015 21:30:08 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=7acbc1b8c3c5c2c5&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0UqXGYgJ5rr4P7Rpu21j5aJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kedm031a4l13p
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Tech @ Birchbox The technology team at Birchbox is responsible for development (and maintenance) of the company's customer-facing sites (in the United States, France, the UK, and Spain), managing hosted and cloud infrastructure, and closely supporting other teams (logistics, marketing, et al.) in our 200+-person company. We work with a wide variety of open-source technologies: Debian-based servers; Chef deployments; Ruby on Rails, Java and PHP services; and Python, Perl and R scripts. The size of our team and the breadth of its responsibilities means we rely on our engineers to be self-motivated and quickly follow through on tasks without requiring close supervision. In return our engineers are given leeway to use their own initiative. Our team spans software engineering, technical operations, product, and data science. Our challenges include: evolving our software and systems architecture to support a rapidly growing customer base across multiple countries and languages; designing and implementing the best user experience for our customers; We are striving to revolutionize online retail. using data, complex algorithms, and statistics, to personalize the Birchbox experience for our customers, both offline and online. Birchbox is hiring students graduating in 2015 to work in the following technology areas: Development of customer facing features - you will bring your passion for seamless user experience and elegant back-end code to developing features that our customers use on our website every day. Data analytics and machine learning - using your knowledge of statistics and machine learning, you will work on the software APIs that personalize every aspect of the Birchbox customer experience, from what people receive in their boxes to what they see on the site and in emails. Algorithms and operations research - if you thrive on tackling complex optimization problems from design through to implementation, then you will be kept busy creatively optimizing the way we design Birchboxes and allocate them to customers. Software systems infrastructure and performance - if you are a backend hacker or software architect in the making, you will work on building scalable distributed services, profiling and benchmarking. The things we look for most in new grads are smarts, passion, and a solid foundation. Why it's great to work at Birchbox The uncommon chance to be at the start of something huge. We dream big. We run fast. We love a challenge. The chance to build a fresh infrastructure to express better solutions to old and new problems. The opportunity to work on conceiving, designing and building a next-generation ecommerce experience. We think Espresso, Cake, Cookies, Chocolate, and Cambodian Sandwiches are food groups. Which is part of the reason why we also believe in working out in the office. Push-ups anyone? We love our work, our team, and our customers. 	Software Engineer-Entry Level	Birchbox	New York	NY	New York, NY	Birchbox	Tue, 29 Sep 2015 05:49:25 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=28a3062cbca0acb3&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0UqXGYgJ5rr4P7Rpu21j5aJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kedm031a4l13p
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	ComiXology is looking for a Senior Software Development Engineer to join our development team focusing on architecture, designing and implementing innovative features. You will be the owner of a large chunk of our service and will be responsible from building to deploying the service along with mentoring a group of engineers working on that service. Our goal is to provide exciting, innovative and diverse work to keep both our staff and consumers engaged. We promise you will not be bored; in fact your efforts will directly impact our millions of users who rave about our products as much as we do. What You’ll Do: * Own the responsibility to architect,design and develop a large piece of one or more services that we are building. * Mentor junior developers in how to build large and awesome customer facing scalable services * Tackle daily challenges providing creative problem solving recommendations * Provide leadership and help improve technical engineering processes like code deploys, reviews etc. Basic Qualifications Who You Are and What You Do: · 10+ years experience working with the following technologies: · Java, C#, Spring · Relational and No SQL Databases · Familiarity with Linux · Proficiency in object oriented development and ability to apply OO concepts. · Architect and Designed Large scale systems. · Knowledge of unit testing frameworks (JUnit) · Excellent interpersonal, time management, and developmental skills. · Experience with version control – Git or SVN · Demonstrated ability to meet or beat assigned targets and deadlines under normal circumstances, and ability to make trade-offs and when needed to optimize outcome when conditions change · Ability to communicate with other employees in the company in both technical and non-technical roles. · Degree in computer science or equivalent degree Preferred Qualifications Would Be Great: · Building and designing REST/RPC API design/development for Web/Mobile · Knowledge of Amazon Web Services like SNS, S3, SQS, Dynamo etc. · PHP 5.x knowledge a plus. · Knowledge of MVC frameworks knowledge a plus. · Knowledge of JavaScript , HTML5 and CSS3 · You’re a fan of comics! · Are an inspiration for innovation, engineering and operations. · You tell great jokes · You enjoy Bagel Breakfast Wednesdays	Senior Software Development Engineer- comiXology	Iconology, Inc. d/b/a comiXology	New York	NY	New York, NY	Amazon.com	Fri, 18 Sep 2015 02:16:17 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=365693007af28eb8&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0UqXGYgJ5rr4P7Rpu21j5aJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kedm031a4l13p
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	ScrollMotion started in 2008 by helping media companies bring their content onto iPhone and iPads. Six years later, we’re transforming the way enterprises work, sell and communicate. For us, the mobile revolution has only just begun. We are a software and solutions company that enables enterprises to create engaging mobile apps, distribute them to their designated users, integrate with their IT systems, and learn and improve from their use. Put simply, we help companies unleash the power of mobile devices to engage and inspire customers and employees. Our customers comprise multi-billion dollar enterprises spanning professional services, pharmaceuticals, manufacturing, healthcare, consumer products, and financial services. Using ScrollMotion, these companies have measurably increased revenue, reduced costs, decreased time to market, protected their brand, and set themselves apart as leaders in their markets. Summary We are looking for a senior Software Engineer to join the development team to work on the WorkCloud component of our product. The WorkCloud is an a content and distribution management system. WorkCloud is a web application implemented in Python using the Django web application framework. Who You Are You’re an experienced Software Engineer. You enjoy working in a structured but fast moving environment. You thrive on working with other Software Engineers and Product Managers to solve complex problems. You have a core understanding of what it takes to deliver high quality software and are not afraid to make strong commitments and go the extra mile to meet those commitments. You feel good about joining a team of dedicated and focused engineers that enjoy their work and have fun while doing it. In this role, you will be the voice of AWS in the Python community. You will design and implement APIs and features to enable Python developers to harness the power of AWS cloud computing. You will build sample applications that demonstrate best practices for using Amazon Web Services. You will have strong web development skills and be interested in releasing open source software. Experience contributing to open source Django Python frameworks a plus. You Will: Design, implement and test new features and feature enhancements for the ScrollMotion WorkCloud product. Track and report progress in daily scrums. Support other engineers with code life cycle. Take part in architecture, design and technology reviews. You Have: B.S. or M.S. in Computer Science or equivalent 5+ years developing software in a structured corporate environment. Technical Skills Required Expert knowledge of web application development using Python with the Django web application framework. Experience with Amazon Web Services and BOTO SDK. Big data experience and analytics servers implementations Code deployment experience Experience with ECommerce and subscription based business model Experience with version control software, preferably GIT. Technical Skills that would be a plus Experience with RESTful API design and implementation. Experience with messaging/queuing and asynchronous processes. Experience writing and running unit tests for web applications. Experience with JavaScript, Jquery, NodeJs, HTML5 and CSS Other Skills Good verbal and written communication skills. Ability to work on multiple tasks under tight deadlines. Self motivating and can accurately track and report progress to management. 	Software Engineer (Python Web Application Dev)	ScrollMotion	New York	NY	New York, NY	ScrollMotion	Thu, 10 Sep 2015 23:02:15 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=601e107afdcfadc6&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0mbvYdmE3Ynnvk0kqWAGl5JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kedppl19rj0j6
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Senior PHP Developer Location: New York, NY Role Description: We are looking for top-notch software developers to lead the evolution of our pioneering social media management platform. Join our team in the development of new products and infrastructure to support the latest social enterprise initiatives. Your responsibilities: •Architect and build highly scalable web-based applications through all phases of the development lifecycle (initial designs to production deployments); •Enhance our PHP-based platform to provide content discovery, reporting, and delivery services for a wide array of social networks; •Involvement in all steps of the development process, including analysis, design, testing, documentation and implementation; •Develop and test software components using current industry tools and processes; and •Sub-system owner during project design, development, and post-deployment phases. Accountable for supporting software components and services in both non-production and production environments Minimal Requirements: •Solid understanding and working application of object-oriented principles and concepts; •Solid understanding and working application of architecture, design and development concepts and best practices; •Experience in PHP development using a modern application framework such as Symfony2; •Experience working in an agile development shop with continuous integration as core value; •A desire to automate repetitive tasks •Motivated self-starter with the ability and drive to perform in a fast-paced start-up environment, with multiple tasks, deadlines and changing priorities; •Demonstrated ability to learn new technologies quickly and efficiently; and •A well-developed sense of humor Working knowledge of the following are considered strong assets: •PHP, Symfony2, Doctrine; •Backbone.js; •RESTful APIs; •MySQL, JDBC, SQL; •Git; •Jenkins; •Scrum •Splunk; •AppDynamics; •Redis; •RabbitMQ; •Performance and Memory Tuning Salesforce, the Customer Success Platform and world's #1 CRM, empowers companies to connect with their customers in a whole new way. We are the fastest growing of the top 10 enterprise software companies, the World's Most Innovative Company according to Forbes, and one of Fortune's 100 Best Companies to Work For six years running. The growth, innovation, and Aloha spirit of Salesforce are driven by our incredible employees who thrive on delivering success for our customers while also finding time to give back through our 1/1/1 model, which leverages 1% of our time, equity, and product to improve communities around the world. Salesforce is a team sport, and we play to win. Join us! *LI-Y *LI-CW1 	Senior Software Engineer	Model Metrics	New York	NY	New York, NY	Model Metrics	Wed, 09 Sep 2015 00:13:51 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=9c0431c08816dae2&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0mbvYdmE3Ynnvk0kqWAGl5JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kedppl19rj0j6
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	We have an immediate need for a Full Time Software Engineer in New York City, NY . This position will be joining our team of data scientists and engineers to building a next gen platform for all advertising and promotional website content using cutting-edge technologies. Job Requirements The candidate we are looking for will need to be a Full Stack Software Engineer with excellent coding skills. Ad Tech background will a plus as this role will be a to help build our native advertising platform ( Strong experience with REST architecture/ development and full stack Java development experience can be considered in place of Ad Tech experience). Desired Education/Experience Bachelor’s Degree or Equivalent 2 to 5 years’ experience Strong Full Stack Java experience REST architecture experience Ad Tech experience strongly desired If you are qualified, interested, and available, or know someone who is, please forward an updated resume and salary requirements to don.king@comcentric.com for immediate consideration. Sincerely, Don Recruiter Comcentric Inc don.king@comcentric.com	Software Engineer	Comcentric	New York	NY	New York, NY	Comcentric	Fri, 11 Sep 2015 22:24:23 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=1a3e8e9878a857eb&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0mbvYdmE3Ynnvk0kqWAGl5JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kedppl19rj0j6
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Position Description 2016 Summer Program – S&amp;P Capital IQ Architecture Software Engineer Intern Department Overview The S&amp;P Capital IQ Technology organization strives to provide both opportunity and competitive advantage through a combination of world class service, execution and innovation. The group provides product development, engineering, technical and operational support services aligned with the S&amp;P Capital IQ business. A significant portion of the products and services we support are mission critical from a customer and divisional business perspective as they deliver the tools necessary for our employees and our customers to do their jobs. Position Description As a Software Engineer Architecture Intern, you’ll join a premier team of subject matter experts that provide best practices on technology for software application development. You’ll be exposed to developing architecture and design for business applications, researching emerging tools and cutting-edge technologies and their use in competitive space, running proof-of-concept on selective technologies and vendor products and determining opportunities for business value from their use. As in all roles within the technology team at S&amp;P Capital IQ, you’ll work with the latest technologies and get recognized for innovation and delivery. Team members exude a take-charge attitude towards problems and thrive for excellence. Location Options New York, NY South Brunswick, NJ Qualifications Rising junior currently enrolled at an accredited college or university; minimum 3.0 GPA B.S. (or above) in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or other applicable disciplines preferred Permanent U.S. work authorization is required Smart, intellectually curious; ability to adapt to new technologies and learn quickly Detail oriented; analytical with problem solving abilities Professional and energetic; comfortable working in a fast paced environment Strong communication skills; able to work in a team environment Familiarity with one or more of the following technologies: C++/C# / ASP.NET / Java / PHP / SQL / MSSQL JavaScript / AJAX / jQuery SQL Server / Solr / Lucene / Hadoop Web Services / Cloud Computing / Virtualization Knowledge of application, database, network and system analysis and design Knowledge of business intelligence and data analytics and mining vendor products and technologies such as Spotfire, Microstrategy, Qlikview, SmartLogic, Autonomy, Business Objects, Matlab, MLib, Pentaho, or Mahout are beneficial. Knowledge of application, database, network and system analysis and design About S&amp;P Capital IQ and McGraw Hill Financial S&amp;P Capital IQ is a leading provider of multi-asset class and real time data, analytics, and analytics. A career at S&amp;P Capital IQ puts you in a position to be essential to institutional investors, investment advisors and wealth managers around the world. Learn more at http://www.mhfi.com/careers/our-brands/sp-capital-iq McGraw Hill Financial includes Standard &amp; Poor’s Ratings Services, S&amp;P Capital IQ, S&amp;P Dow Jones Indices, J.D. Power and Platts. Together, we’re the foremost providers of essential intelligence for the capital and commodities markets. McGraw Hill Financial is an equal opportunity employer committed to making all employment decisions on the basis of merit, capability and equality of opportunity, and without regard to race/ethnicity, gender, pregnancy, gender identity or expression, color, creed, religion, national origin, age, disability, marital status (including domestic partnerships and civil unions), sexual orientation, military veteran status, unemployment status, or any other basis prohibited by federal, state or local law, or any other characteristic that has no bearing on a person’s ability to perform his or her job. Only electronic job submissions will be considered for employment. If you need an accommodation during the application process due to a disability, please send an email to aapteam@mhfi.com. and your request will be forwarded to the appropriate person. The EEO is the Law Poster http://www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/pdf/eeopost.pdf describes discrimination protections under	S&P Capital IQ Architecture Software Engineer Intern	S&P CAPITAL IQ	New York	NY	New York, NY	S&P Capital IQ	Tue, 15 Sep 2015 04:15:55 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=881f7c5e1aba2f7b&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0mbvYdmE3Ynnvk0kqWAGl5JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kedppl19rj0j6
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Who is MasterCard? What role do we play in the modern world? Are we an enabler of purchases or a facilitator for transactions? We play a much larger role in the world by enabling those that have no access to financial systems – every employee has the opportunity to be a part of something bigger and to change lives. We have the technology, people and Brand to serve modern society . Today, we are a global tech company that connects everyone to endless possibilities, priceless possibilities. Job Title Software Engineer, iOS Overview: MasterCard is seeking talented individuals to join our new Silicon Alley Emerging Payments Technology team in New York City. Located in the Flatiron district of Manhattan, MasterCard is researching and developing the next generation of products and services to enable consumers to securely, efficiently, and intelligently conduct transactions regardless of channel. Whether through traditional retail, mobile, or e-commerce, MasterCard innovation is leading the digital convergence of traditional and emerging payments technologies across a wide variety of new devices and services. Join our team and help shape the future of connected commerce! Responsibilities: The Software Engineer, Mobile Applications (iOS) is a hands-on developer specializing in user interface implementation for native mobile applications on iOS. As an Engineer in the Emerging Payments Technology team, you will be responsible for implementing the user interface and business requirements across multiple products, services, and devices. Working within an agile development methodology, you will collaborate with other engineers and work closely with the team technical lead to deliver an exceptional user experience to our customers. In addition you’ll have the opportunity to work with new frameworks and technologies, assist with prototyping and proof-of-concepts, participate in code reviews, and help ensure a high level of code quality from the team. Skills/Requirements: • Strong communication skills, both verbal and written, with strong relationship, collaborative and organization skills • Experience in building iOS Apps • Experience implementing user interfaces for mobile applications • REST, JSON/XML In addition to the above skills, the following experience is highly desirable: • Agile/Scrum methodologies • Test Driven Development (TDD) • Accessibility Education: • Bachelor’s degree in Information Technology, Computer Science, or Management Information Systems or equivalent combination of relevant experience and education Equal Opportunity Employer	Software Engineer, iOS	MasterCard	New York	NY	New York, NY	MasterCard	Tue, 22 Sep 2015 02:27:06 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=cf40c0bd426edbe0&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0mbvYdmE3Ynnvk0kqWAGl5JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kedppl19rj0j6
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	We are increasing the size, power, and force of our front-end development teams at Two Sigma. We want people who are obsessed with writing clean, modular, downright elegant code for attractive, useful, and usable web UIs that solve the real human problems. We are seeking engineers who love the front end, respect the full stack, and have a passion for meeting user needs. Every group at Two Sigma interacts with us. We’re artists who pump out some pretty sweet code. We are writing the next chapter on how collaboration and design can advance our vision. We believe in useful, usable, and visually-attractive UIs. We’re looking for people who can sit comfortably at the intersection of design and implementation. Challenges vary in size and scope, but core responsibilities encompass: Design and implementation of web UIs for heavily-used internal tools; Providing advice and guidance to other teams about UI implementation, platforms, design, and usability; Developing and documenting recommendations and examples for others to use in building UIs. Requirements Include: Expert-level knowledge of JavaScript, HTML5, and CSS3. Experience with popular JavaScript libraries and frameworks. Familiarity with back end programming. Demonstrated passion for UX and experience with design processes. 	Software Engineer, User Interface	Two Sigma Investments, LLC.	New York	NY	New York, NY	Two Sigma Investments, LLC.	Mon, 07 Sep 2015 06:06:51 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=610d844b1d677519&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0mbvYdmE3Ynnvk0kqWAGl5JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kedppl19rj0j6
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Qualifications Bachelor’s degree in a technical field or equivalent technical experience is preferred 2+ years in a software support role. 2+ years of experience in Java 2+ years of experience in SQL 2+ years of experience in Unix environments. 2+ years in scripting languages like Perl, Python, Unix Scripting languages. Experience with MySQL database a big plus. Experience with ETL support and development a plus. Detail-oriented team player with the ability to also work independently. Excellent written and verbal communication skills. Strong organizational and multi-tasking skills in a high-volume environment. Job Description Support Java based Merchant Accounting System. Assess and resolve software issues raised by customers and company staff.	Software Engineer	Green Key Resources	Long Beach	NY	Long Beach, NY	Green Key Resources	Sat, 24 Oct 2015 10:49:19 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=9995267d3dcf5974&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0mbvYdmE3Ynnvk0kqWAGl5JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kedppl19rj0j6
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Job Description 3+ years’ experience of Objective-C based iOS development. Experience in developing best practices, software principles and code design concepts. Knowledge of common design patterns, frameworks and libraries for iOS. Experience in continuous integration and unit testing frameworks. In-depth understanding of Cocoa Touch APIs. In-depth understanding of storyboards and auto layout. Understanding of size classes is plus. Experience in Swift is plus. Multithreaded and memory management specific to mobile devices. Caching techniques and the ability to strategize for powerful applications. Good understanding of REST-based services and service-based architecture. Currently published examples of iOS apps you have worked on in the App Store a huge plus. Active GitHub account or open source contributions is a huge plus. Ability to effectively communicate with internal and external business partners. Qualifications null Additional Information If my requirement matches your resume, then please do reply on my email id "mohammedm(at)usmsystems(dot)com" or call me on 703-880-2641 .	Sr. Software Engineer IOS	USM	New York	NY	New York, NY	USM	Tue, 22 Sep 2015 03:09:21 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=104129aa02cc50c1&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0mbvYdmE3Ynnvk0kqWAGl5JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kedppl19rj0j6
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Design, develop, test, integrate, implement and customize retail reconciliation software system and portals using ASP.Net, C#, JQuery, HTML, MV, SQL server, and SSIS; Analyze business problems in the actual costing system, data integration and reports; Design, implement, test, debug and troubleshoot software applications using ASP.Net, VB.Net, .Net Framework, JavaScript, HTML and SQL server; Create architecture for web-based software systems using multi-tier application architecture; Develop and maintain integration using SSIS; Provide functional and analytical review; Assist in devising unit test plans; Provide production support; Act as liaison with offshore development team. This professional position requires at least a bachelor’s degree (or foreign equivalent evaluated by a US credentialing service) in computer science or a related field and experience as a software engineer or software developer, and experience in .Net framework, ASP.Net, C#, JQuery, JavaScript, HTML, MV, SQL server, as well as experience developing and maintaining integration using SSIS. Location: North Bergen, NJ Academic Qualification(s): Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science	Software Engineer	Visionet Systems	North Bergen	NJ	North Bergen, NJ	Visionet Systems	Thu, 24 Sep 2015 08:40:00 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=18af36a4dd3a49f8&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0mbvYdmE3Ynnvk0kqWAGl5JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kedppl19rj0j6
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Permanent position for and Embedded Software Engineer to design, develop, test and maintain real-time embedded software on custom wireless communications systems. Provide system analysis and implementation of wireless/networking protocols and applications. Understand customer requirements, identify risks and implement solutions to deliver quality software solutions. Design, document and implement signification portions of the communication system by interfacing with other development engineers to integrate total solution. Provide technical leadership, design, documentation, and implementation of the real-time system management and the documentation of software and firmware versions and releases. BS - Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering or related discipline and 8+ years related experience or an equivalent combination of skills, education, and experience. MS Computer Science, Computer Engineering or Electrical Engineering preferred. Ability to obtain and maintain a U.S. Government Clearance may be required: TS/SCI w/Poly (US citizenship is a prerequisite) Experience with embedded software that controls hardware (e.g. device drivers, microcontrollers MSP, ARM, PIC). Experience with development of real-time environments, wireless protocols, etc. Experience with multiple programming methods including C++, JavaScript, Objective C, etc. Scripting language experience required. Ability to interpret schematics and design/implement associated embedded software. Familiarity with Object Oriented Design, architecture and programming methods. Knowledge of Microsoft software applications and other software applications as required, including Microsoft SharePoint. Understanding of RF equipment Knowledge of cellular and wireless communication systems Protocol stack and embedded application development experience Contact: Mark Manz (973) 490-7000 To search all of our 100+ jobs, please visit [LINK: http://www.EngineeringResource.com] www.EngineeringResource.com Please send all inquiries to [LINK: mailto: MM@EngineeringResource.com%20] MM@EngineeringResource.com [LINK: mailto: XX@EngineeringResource.com%20]	Software Engineer - Embedded Systems / Wireless	Engineering Resource Group, Inc.	Morristown	NJ	Morristown, NJ	Engineering Resource Group, Inc.	Fri, 06 Nov 2015 10:55:25 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=ac0cc2b78e9b2124&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0mbvYdmE3Ynnvk0kqWAGl5JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kedppl19rj0j6
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	NEW YORK, NYENGINEERINGFULL-TIME APPLY FOR THIS JOB About The Position: We build cutting-edge applications that empower marketers to weave a social layer into their campaigns. Our platform serves a constantly evolving set of needs and we have a wide variety of challenging problems to solve. We see a lot of traffic, so our solutions have to be reliable and robust. We process large amounts of social data and analytics are a key part of our offering. Our service-based approach is flexible and scalable. We are always looking to strengthen our core team with creative, professional developers. We are a Python shop, but we know that great programmers can pick up any language quickly. On the backend, we use Flask, Django, MySQL, MongoDB, ElasticSearch and much, much more. On the frontend, we use Twitter Bootstrap, Angular, and other great tools. If you're a top-notch developer, who can solve hard problems efficiently and with ease, and you've got the skills and desire to build great products in weeks, not good ones in months, come join us. We have a lot of work to do. RESPONSIBILITIES Work from day one on apps and social analytics for Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, Pinterest, and more. Contribute everywhere -- ideas, architecture, ui, server-side development, processes, and tools. Work on all our technology -- apps, social analytics, reporting, enabling our sales team, and self-service billing. Help build a great company. REQUIREMENTS 5+ years of experience in software development. Proven experience leading teams on complex projects. Smart, friendly, capable, and up for a challenge Productive in any language and environment. Eager to work with Python, Django, Flask, MySQL, and Mongo. BS or MS Degree in Computer Science or equivalent experience. Offerpop's Visual UGC Marketing SaaS platform empowers brands to encourage and leverage user generated content at every stage of the buyer journey, improving marketing performance. Leading brands and agencies use Offerpop?s Visual UGC platform to create campaigns and promotions from a library of templates to inspire the creation of quality UGC, manage and leverage UGC across marketing channels, and build consumer profiles to improve segmentation and targeting.	Sr. Software Engineer	Offerpop	New York	NY	New York, NY	StartUpHire	Mon, 02 Nov 2015 10:52:17 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=487d7b658a36da2e&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0mbvYdmE3Ynnvk0kqWAGl5JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kedppl19rj0j6
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Position Summary: We are looking for an enthusiastic and proactive software engineer, who can work independently in a fast paced environment with changing priorities, to join our trading desk software development team. In this team, we work closely with the traders to understand their software needs and deliver world class products that improve the business process. Currently, we are looking for a candidate who will continue development on an ASP.NET reporting website. This will be followed by developing other products on both UNIX (C++ and PERL) and Windows (web and winforms apps in C#) platform. Role: Design, develop and maintain software. Work with QA and Support teams to get the software tested, deployed and provide 2 nd level support. Work with manager and end-users to analyze the requirements and build high quality software products. Participate and contribute to product and technology evolution Required Skills: Strong background in computers, with in-depth understanding of data structures and algorithms Strong C# skills with background in ASP.NET. Reasonable understanding of IIS. SQL and RDBMS knowledge Good understanding of windows platform Basic understanding of financial (securities trading) markets Candidates with UNIX, PERL and C++ knowledge will be preferred Team player with good problem solving and communication skills Education/Experience Requirements: Bachelors in Computer Science with 4+ years of experience To Apply: Interested candidates should send a resume to Careers@itg.com and include Software Engineer in the subject line.	Software Engineer – C# .Net	ITG	New York	NY	New York, NY	ITG	Fri, 11 Sep 2015 19:48:00 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=c767ef2502043e57&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0mbvYdmE3Ynnvk0kqWAGl5JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kedppl19rj0j6
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Develop your skills in the fast-growing market of financial crime prevention. NICE Actimize - the market leader in financial crime, risk and compliance. Prevent Financial Crime by impementing the premier prevention software. Work with our clients to solve problems and improve thier daily work lives. NICE Actimize needs strong Java/C/C++ and SQL developers to continue our growth and success NICE Actimize is currently seeking a Software Engineer to come grow with us in a dynamic and challenging environment to join our team in our NYC office. Responsibilities Determines technical feasibility by evaluating requirements and analysis as well as proposed solutions Prepares and installs solutions by determining and designing system specifications, standards and programming Enhances existing solutions to match client requirements by configuring and customizing software using the following programming languages: Java/C++/C, JavaScript, SQL, XML, … Tests and approves software solutions, configurations and customizations Provides information by collecting, analyzing, and summarizing development and service issues. Utilizes software engineering tools such as configuration management systems, build processes, and debuggers in the software development process Collaborates and adds value through participation in peer code reviews, providing comments and suggestions Provides reliable solutions to a variety of problems using sound problem solving techniques Performs technical root cause analysis and outlines corrective action for given problems Serve as a mentor to less experienced software engineers Estimate level of effort, evaluate new options of similar technology, offer suggestions to improve processes, and provide comments on some design aspects Apply a sense of urgency, commitment and focus on the right priorities in developing technical solutions in a timely fashion Review product and/or application information including manuals and brochures for technical accuracy Documents and demonstrates solutions by developing documentation, diagrams, clear code and comments Qualifications Databases: SQL or Data Warehousing, ETL, OLAP Operating systems: Windows and Linux Programming language: Java, JSP, C, C++, VB, Javascript Web Technologies: HTML, XML, XSL Excellent communication skills Excellent written and spoken English Pro-active and Team Oriented approach BS degree in Computer Science or related field Travel required up to 25% Experience 5+ years experience with a Software Company or in a consulting role Actimize experience is a PLUS 	Software Engineer - NYC - Actimize division	NICE Systems	New York	NY	New York, NY	NICE Systems	Fri, 11 Sep 2015 05:09:58 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=6fabd26674e68c51&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0mbvYdmE3Ynnvk0kqWAGl5JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kedppl19rj0j6
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Responsibilities • Develop and maintain web applications using latest web development frameworks. • Participate in Agile development • Provide maintenance and support of existing application and functionalities • Develop web services to expose the application functionalities to external groups • Write SQL queries of varying complexity per technical specification and design specification • Provide clear communication on development progress, code reviews and technical questions • Team player, that communicates and collaborates with local and global teams At Thomson Reuters, we deliver intelligent information quickly and efficiently, so professionals have knowledge to act. We combine industry expertise with innovative technology to deliver critical information to leading decision makers in the financial, legal, tax and accounting, intellectual property and scientific, healthcare, and media markets, powered by the world's most trusted news organization. Qualifications Qualifications Required • 5 years of full-time web development experience with ASP.NET, VB.Net, C#, ASP, SQL and Javascript • Strong Javascript, jQuery, AJAX, JSON, web development experience. • Experience in creating queries and stored procedures in an enterprise DBMS, SQL Server 2005/2008 preferred • Strong Object Oriented Design and Relational Database Design Qualifications Preferred • Bachelor's degree in Computer Science • Experience with at least one Javascript application framework such as AngularJS, Backbone, Knockout. • Proven development experience HTML5 and CSS2/CSS3 At Thomson Reuters, we believe what we do matters. We are passionate about our work, inspired by the impact it has on our business and our customers. As a team, we believe in winning as one - collaborating to reach shared goals, and developing through challenging and meaningful experiences. With over 55,000 colleagues in more than 100 countries, we work flexibly across boundaries and realize innovations that help shape industries around the world. Making this happen is a dynamic, evolving process, and we count on each employee to be a catalyst in driving our performance - and their own. As a global business, we rely on diversity of culture and thought to deliver on our goals. To ensure we can do that, we seek talented, qualified employees in all our operations around the world regardless of race, gender, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, disability, age, or any other protected classification under country or local law. Thomson Reuters is an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. Intrigued by a challenge as large and fascinating as the world itself? Come join us. To learn more about what we offer, please visit careers.thomsonreuters.com. More information about Thomson Reuters can be found on thomsonreuters.com. Job: Technology Development Family Group Primary Location: United States of America-New Jersey-Hoboken-USA-Hoboken-121 River Street Organization: Tax&amp;Acctg Corporate Schedule: Full-time Education Level: Bachelor's Degree (±16 years) Job Type: Standard Shift: Day Job	Senior Software Engineer	Thomson Reuters	Hoboken	NJ	Hoboken, NJ	Thomson Reuters	Thu, 08 Oct 2015 11:54:44 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=eead75b122ab9f7c&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0mbvYdmE3Ynnvk0kqWAGl5JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kedppl19rj0j6
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	About Success Academy At Success Academy, we are redefining what’s possible in public education. Our schools rank in the top 1% in math and top 3% in English among all New York State schools, while serving children with an overall poverty rate of 77%. We also act as a catalyst and model for education reform nationwide so that all kids can have access to high-quality schools. Data Science and Software Department Our new Data Science and Software (DSS) department makes sure our schools, network office and scholars have the software and data needed to provide our students, teachers, and school leaders the support the need. By implementing cutting edge technology, built in-house and from 3rd party vendors, we are able to help the organization scale by streamlining processes and making sure everyone has access to mission-critical information 24/7. In effect, the DSS department's goal is to help everyone at Success work better, more efficiently, and with access to all available sources of information. We are looking for a Front End Software Engineer to join our Data Science and Software Team! Responsibilities: Being part of the Success Academy’s Data Science and Software team means you'll be building real products that will have an immediate effect on our organization and our students. You should be comfortable jumping in the deep end and learning new skills. Joining the team will help bring our software, platforms and your ideas into reality. Responsibilities include but are not limited to: Implement the features and user interfaces of Success Academies software platforms Architect efficient and reusable front-end systems that drive complex web applications Work with Product Designers, Product Managers, and Backend Engineers to deliver amazing user-facing platforms Identify and provide solutions for scalability challenges Qualifications: An ideal candidate will demonstrate competency in the following areas: Experience building modern websites and web tools with the Django framework Experience building websites with a responsive UI Very strong HTML/CSS skills Very strong JavaScript skills Experience with SQL and NoSQL databases Experience working with UI designers to implement product designs Strong troubleshooting and diagnostic skills Strong communication and team collaboration skills Experience with object-oriented and asynchronous programming Preferred (but not required) qualifications also include : Experience in a fast paced / customer centered agile startup environment Previous experience at a software company that focused on video, audio, and document storage and distribution technology Experience with scalable cloud deployment environments such as AWS and Rackspace How we work : • REST APIs • Python • Agile, automated tests, continuous integration • Asynchronous Workflows / Task Queues, such as Celery • Databases: MySQL, NoSQL such as S3 and Mongo • Audio &amp; video processing tool kits: ffmpeg • Search technologies: ElasticSearch, Lucene • HTML5 / AJAX / jquery / backbone / Django Just in case you were worried : • We don’t support IE 6, 7 or 8!! To apply Please upload a resume and cover letter that outlines how your skills and experience meet the qualifications of the position. Your cover letter should explain why you would be an excellent Front End Software Engineer at Success Academy. Resumes without cover letters will not be reviewed. Success Academy Charter Schools is an equal opportunity employer and actively encourages applications from people of all backgrounds. Compensation is competitive and commensurate with experience.	Front End Software Engineer	Success Academy Charter Schools	New York	NY	New York, NY	Success Academy Charter Schools	Mon, 14 Sep 2015 20:10:30 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=a3a048d486be3b6b&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0mbvYdmE3Ynnvk0kqWAGl5JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kedppl19rj0j6
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	We are seeking a driven Web 2.0 software engineer to join our alpha-capture product team. Partnering with software engineers across the organization, you will be instrumental in building scalable, multi-server, multi-database web applications that drive Two Sigma’ s quantitative trading models. This undertaking requires the following : Integrating dynamic back-end functionalities; Implementing compelling, functional user interfaces that support the success of our electronic alpha-capture business; Identifying and addressing performance bottlenecks; Participating in design and code reviews; Defining and communicating best practices for web-based user interface engineering across the organization. Requirements Include: At least a bachelor’s degree in computer science. An ability to write well-abstracted, reusable code. Proficiency in several programming languages such as Java, Groovy, C or C++. Experience with front-end javascript libraries like Google Closure, Twitter Bootstrap, jQuery, MooTools, or Dojo. Strong working knowledge of current web standards including CSS3 and HTML 5. Proficiency in highly scalable frameworks and experience with Java Servlet containers like Tomcat or Jetty is a definite advantage. Knowledge of highly available message queue systems such as RabbitMQ, distributed cache like Membase and distributed computing frameworks like Hadoop is preferable. An obsession with building tools and developing scalable, real-time web applications on both front-end and back-end components. 	Alpha Capture Software Engineer	Two Sigma Investments, LLC.	New York	NY	New York, NY	Two Sigma Investments, LLC.	Mon, 07 Sep 2015 06:06:34 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=4b6e3c4f216935bf&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0mbvYdmE3Ynnvk0kqWAGl5JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kedppl19rj0j6
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	We are seeking a talented software engineer to join our growing Strategic &amp; Technical Projects (STP) group. In this role, you will work within a dynamic cross-functional team, consulting with researchers and engineers across the firm to drive a variety of business-critical projects. Examples of past initiatives include designing and implementing firm-wide tools for automated project portfolio management, agile development, incident management, metrics reporting, project-oriented social media, machine learning competitions, etc. The STP Software Engineer will be responsible for managing full software life cycles including: Envisioning the scope of technology platforms and tools; Designing and architecting solutions; Implementing and managing ongoing enhancements. Requirements Include: At a minimum, a bachelor’s degree in computer science from a top university. Experience in one of the mainstream programming languages, including Java, Groovy, C or C++. The ideal candidate will also have some proficiency or interest in big data analysis and visualization, REST APIs, Web UI technologies (e.g. Javascript, AngularJs, Bootstrap), NoSQL databases (e.g. Elastic Search, MongoDB). Knowledge of project tracking tools such as Jira is a plus. 	Software Engineer, Strategic & Technical Projects	Two Sigma Investments, LLC.	New York	NY	New York, NY	Two Sigma Investments, LLC.	Mon, 07 Sep 2015 06:06:42 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=74b62d1aec783b22&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0mbvYdmE3Ynnvk0kqWAGl5JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kedppl19rj0j6
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Company Profile We are a very successful niche company having a large number of customers all across USA, Canada and Mexico. We offer a comprehensive benefits package including Medical Insurance, 401 K, vacation and sick time. Job Description We are looking for hands-on Senior Software Engineers to join our advanced product development group. This role is for strong hands-on developers to lead and manage a team of developers performing development and support functions for our customers. Selected candidates will be responsible for performing Systems Architecture, Design and Development of application systems. Preferred candidates should have: * 15+ years of solid software development experience on various software platforms * 10+ years of solid software development experience in VB.NET or C# and ASP.NET * Full software development life cycle experience with business critical applications including architecture, design, development, testing, implementation and support functions * Excellent communication skills * Strong analytical skills * High energy, self starter personality Regards Sejal Shah www.tephrainc.com Job Type: Full-time Salary: $120,000.00 /year Local candidates only: Uniondale, NY 11553 Required experience: VB.net, C# : 10 years Required education: Bachelor's 	Senior Software Engineer, Uniondale, NY	Tephra Inc	Uniondale	NY	Uniondale, NY	Indeed	Tue, 06 Oct 2015 16:13:38 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=403452e7c3b6a9c6&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0mbvYdmE3Ynnvk0kqWAGl5JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kedppl19rj0j6
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	We are building a small team of ninja developers to spearhead the development of a new live streaming platform at a global scale. As the iOS software engineer, you’ll get to work on products that create new experiences and deﬁnes categories, affecting millions of people around the world. You will collaborate with other developers brainstorming innovative solutions across disciplines to bring the most delightful and funs apps to life. You should be comfortable with Objective-C and have extensive knowledge of iOS development techniques and practices. Responsibilities Design and implement the next generation of our mobile app, integrating into wireless wearable devices, live video streaming and more, solving for some complex problems in iOS environment. You will work with and supervise a remote team of developers while focusing on the core elements of the mobile stack. Skills &amp; Requirements Minimum qualiﬁcations BS degree in Computer Science or a similar technical ﬁeld of study, or equivalent practical experience. Software development experience in Objective-C using iOS or OS X frameworks (‘native’) Working proﬁciency and communication skills in verbal and written English. Preferred qualiﬁcations Experience with one or more general purpose programming languages and in speciﬁc Java or JavaScript. Experience working with video in a mobile app environment Knowledge of the iOS SDK performance tools and optimization techniques. Enthusiasm around working in a high pace environment, self motivated and driven in cracking complex problems and getting things done. Please send resume and portfolio. A sample app or demo video of an app you have developed is ideal. About iON America, LLC This company is an innovative and growing leader in consumer electronics hardware, firmware, software, and apps. The company sells its products all around the world. Started just a few years ago, the company is growing quickly and needs to add a new member to its growing development team. \	iOS Software Engineer	iON America, LLC	New York	NY	New York, NY	StackOverflow Jobs	Tue, 20 Oct 2015 02:15:28 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=79aced739d8aae00&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0mbvYdmE3Ynnvk0kqWAGl5JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kedppl19rj0j6
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	For over 120 years, ASCO Power Technologies has been pioneering every major product innovation in power transfer technology. Today, we are an industry leader in the manufacturing of automatic transfer switches, industrial control products and power control systems, and the world leader in emergency and standby power transfer solutions. We are the Power Authority - committed to providing a full range of quality-driven products backed by 24-hour nationwide service support. ASCO Power Technologies, an industry leader in the manufacturing of automatic transfer switches, industrial control products and power control systems, services and solutions, has an exciting career opportunity for an Applications Engineer - Software Development for the organization at our Corporate Headquarters in Florham Park, NJ. Position Summary: Responsible for responding to inquiries for technical, product and estimating information for assigned Communication and Metering Systems (CAM) and Critical Power Management Systems (CPMS) in support of sales of existing and future products and services. Works closely with the CAM team, Product Management, Project Management, and the Field Sales Organization to secure future CAM projects and assist in providing a seamless integrated solution. Essential Functions: Review plans and specifications to determine applicable product conformance and standards. Assists in order negotiations by analyzing competitor pricing and technical issues Prepares technical proposals, bills of material. Completes specification compliances and bid forms for assigned projects. Participates in training programs Additional Responsibilities: Coordinates with other departments including CAM Engineering and CAM Project Management to insure timely processing and execution of customer orders. Works closely with the CAM team to develop accurate proposals to the field. Provides initial CAM diagrams, bill of materials and pricing for the Field Sales Organization Maintains and contributes to quotation log Education: Bachelors of Science in Computer Engineering (BSCE) or Electrical Engineering (BSEE) Basic understanding of networks, computer hardware, power quality meters, power distribution and electrical systems. Competencies: Strong interpersonal and communications skills Demonstrated proficient in scheduling, prioritizing, and meeting deadlines. Customer service attitude required Other Skills: Microsoft Word, Excel, Powerpoint, Visio and AutoCAD Emerson’s Overview: Emerson is a global leader in bringing technology and engineering together to provide innovative solutions for customers in industrial, commercial, and consumer markets around the world. Founded in 1890 in St. Louis, Missouri (USA), Emerson delivers solutions through five business segments: Process Management, Industrial Automation, Network Power, Climate Technologies, and Commercial &amp; Residential Solutions. With sales of $24.7B and more than 130,000 employees in over 150 countries, we have a customer-focused, results-driven culture where employee performance is recognized and rewarded. Emerson Network Power’s Overview: Emerson Network Power provides integrated infrastructure solutions that help ensure availability and maximize efficiency for data centers, telecom networks, and industrial facilities around the world. We use a unique combination of industry expertise, technology, and global resources to make the future of our customers’ business possible. Emerson is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, race, color, religion, national origin, age, marital status, political affiliation, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information, disability or protected veteran status. We are committed to providing a workplace free of any discrimination or harassment. If you have a disability and are having difficulty accessing or using this website to apply for a position, you can request help by calling 1-314-553-2544 (V/TTY/TDD) or by sending an email to idisability.administrator@emerson.com. 	Applications Engineer - Software Development	Emerson Network Power	Florham Park	NJ	Florham Park, NJ	Emerson	Wed, 30 Sep 2015 01:30:00 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=2e02c343f6640436&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0mbvYdmE3Ynnvk0kqWAGl5JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kedppl19rj0j6
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	PLAIN AND SIMPLE - 3 - 5 YR CORE JAVA DEVELOPER - NO 3RDTHIRD PARTIES AT ALL (do not waste mineyour time) · Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or related discipline · Excellent written and verbal communication skills · Must be a creative problem solver · 3+ Year’s of Core Java development experience · Experience with multi-threaded programming ADDITIONAL PREFERRED EXPERIENCE Cassandra, High Speed Messaging) JavaScript, HTML, CSS, JSON, XML Tomcat, Apache, nodeJ Git, Maven Tibco Rendezvous, 29 West, Tervela or other high speed messaging system UNIX Linux Perl, C++, and Unix shell scripting · Experience with financial transaction systems · Basic knowledge of financial markets is highly desirable. IF YOU ARE ON AS H1B VISA (WITH AT LEAST 3 YEARS LEFT) WE CAN TALK - NO 3RD PARTIES AT ALL Arthur Chase Lenmar Consulting 1440 Plaza 5 Jersey City, NJ 07311 achaselenmarIT.com 201-946-1777office 914-602-7799cell 247 httpswww.linkedin.compubarthur-chase1056937 Today is a Good day for a Good day java - (core java) - javascript - cassandra - (middleware - high speed) TOMCAT/APACHE	Software Developer/Engineer	Lenmar Consulting	Jersey City	NJ	Jersey City, NJ	Dice	Fri, 30 Oct 2015 00:16:58 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=ccf533204b35e7b9&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0mbvYdmE3Ynnvk0kqWAGl5JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kedppl19rj0j6
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	We are seeking highly creative, detail-oriented, passionate user experience and user interface designers to join our B2b development program. MS/BA/BS preferred in HCI or design-related discipline or equivalent work experience: Interaction, Information or Interface design; Human-Computer Interaction; Design Planning; Graphic Design; Demonstrated excellence in typography, interaction design, visual design, information architecture, and solid understanding of UX design principles. Expert knowledge of core design tools and familiarity with current Web technologies – Adobe Creative Suite; Wireframing tools- Visio, Omnigraffle, Axure, Balsamiq, understanding of HTML 5, CSS 3, Javascript. Lead user research and execute usability studies to derive valuable customer insights. Identify opportunities to involve the user in the UX process, conduct testing and participatory design sessions, and communicate learning to the larger team Produce creative concepts, prototypes and storyboards to communicate solutions to core team and major stakeholders. Establish design principles and techniques that enable agile product development. Produce design deliverables such as sketches, scenarios, wireframes, visual design and prototypes. Help define and maintain a global patterns and guidelines library. Our core focus is application design, so should be able to come up with experience for different medias- web, desktop, tablet, mobile and also understanding of responsive and adaptive design would be a plus. Minimum 5 years of equivalent experience is required. Candidate should be able to share their sample work and / or portfolio links as part of the interview. Special emphasis will be given to candidate's ability to work seamlessly with clients as well as technical team members. Tools used: Adobe Creative Suite - Photoshop, Illustrator, Dreamweaver, In design, Omnigraffle, Axure. Skill set User Experience Design Work Experience 5+ Yrs Number of positions 1	Senior Software Systems Engineer	RiVi Consulting Group	Piscataway	NJ	Piscataway, NJ	RiVi Consulting Group	Fri, 30 Oct 2015 08:37:00 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=eeb3d978bde338b6&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0mbvYdmE3Ynnvk0kqWAGl5JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kedppl19rj0j6
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	We are looking for a Software and Wireless Protocols Engineer for a perm position in Florham Park, NJ ( Just West of Newark). ***Someone who codes in C/C++ and understands the wireless protocol stacks for: GSM, LTD, 3G UMTS / CDMA Our direct client is delivering next generation solutions that solve the most complex sensing, networking and communications challenges facing our U.S. Federal Government Customers. We are seeking the ‘best and brightest’ with a passion to solve tough challenges through innovation and the application of science and technology to catalyze impactful solutions for our customers. In this position you will develop advanced protocol processing and processing algorithms for unique applications. The programs are for applied research and technology in an advanced networking and communication organization that supports U.S. Government DoD, Civilian, and Advanced Programs communities. Position Responsibilities: Apply and perform systems analysis, modeling and simulation of processing systems and demonstrate systems via simulated and/or real data input Perform functional analysis, performance analysis and synthesis of protocol implementations ( including physical transmission convergence and higher layer) for Radio and Core Access Technologies Conceptualize, define, design and prototype complex systems engineering solutions May lead a team of engineers to accomplish a similar task Work with upper-level engineers to identify need for improvement and work on implementing solutions to meet those needs Skills and Knowledge: Ability to obtain and maintain a U.S. Government Clearance Required: TS/SCI w/poly ( US citizenship is a prerequisite) Working knowledge of radio access, core network, interface protocol and the call flows over these interfaces Experience in 3GPP/IEEE/ANSI/ITU/ETSI Wireless and Trunked mobile radio protocols and survey tools Demonstrated ability to rapidly prototype protocols and applications Knowledge of HOL such as C, C++ and associated development frameworks Experience with Linux Demonstrated ability to leverage open source programs, rapid integration methods, web interfaces and services implementation, XML implementation methods Object oriented architecture, programming and programming methods Demonstrated experience or knowledge of software methods – from those that are highly formal requiring extensive documentation and reviews to ‘extreme’ programming techniques Education and Experience: Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or Electrical Engineering 6-8 years of experience or an equivalent combination of skills, education and experience. Master’s degree preferred If qualified, interested and available please send an updated resume and salary requirements to kathleen.diehl@comcentric.com for immediate consideration. Kathleen Diehl Recruiter Comcentric Inc. kathleen.diehl@comcentric.com	Software and Wireless Protocols Engineer	Comcentric	Florham Park	NJ	Florham Park, NJ	Comcentric	Wed, 07 Oct 2015 01:25:36 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=02b00b661de51e39&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0mbvYdmE3Ynnvk0kqWAGl5JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kedppl19rj0j6
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	We take productivity seriously. Our coworkers tackle challenging problems every day, so we have to arm them with the tools they need to do amazing work. We are seeking a talented software engineer to join us in developing powerful capabilities in firm-wide collaboration and productivity. Requirements Include: Outstanding programming skills, with an interest (and possibly some experience) in helping others become more effective. An avid technologist , with a knack for recognizing killer products and features and how they can be applied to the problems we face. Strong people skills – your teammates love collaborating with you, and you quickly grasp not just what someone asks you for but what they really need. 	Software Engineer, Internal Productivity	Two Sigma Investments, LLC.	New York	NY	New York, NY	Two Sigma Investments, LLC.	Mon, 07 Sep 2015 06:06:51 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=33dc404fdea724cd&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0mbvYdmE3Ynnvk0kqWAGl5JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kedppl19rj0j6
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	– Plan, design, &amp; build sw products/systems. Use data warehouses to size opportunity &amp; cost of new product dev’t. Mentor jr e’ees. Req’d: bach + 4y exp or mast + 2. Mail: J. Greenhouse (Job# E159), Etsy, Inc, 55 Washington St, Ste 512, Brooklyn, NY 11201	Senior Software Engineer	Etsy, Inc.	Brooklyn	NY	Brooklyn, NY	Monster	Thu, 05 Nov 2015 22:18:27 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=732cb48bb3774255&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0mbvYdmE3Ynnvk0kqWAGl5JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kedppl19rj0j6
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Job Description Candidate will participate in all aspects of the design and maintenance of software for high performance camera robotic products. Full lifecycle software development; programming to include conceptual design, general coding, release to manufacturing testing, and quality assurance. Candidate needs to be able to produce final release software for manufacturing including associated documentation. Candidate needs to demonstrate the ability to use appropriate development tools, compliers, and simulation. Must be capable of working within a team environment to plan, organize, execute and thoroughly document complex system designs, including the ability to assist in developing technical solutions to customer specifications. Test and debug skills are necessary; must understand interoperability of hardware and software. Knowledge of and experience with assembly language (Freescale, Microchip), C, C#, VB, and Windows programming (WIN32, .NET) are required. Knowledge of and experience with analog and digital design (motor drive, microcontrollers) are required. Must be able to manage and support multiple tasks on a consistent basis, while providing the highest level of service. Good verbal and writing skills are necessary. Primary Responsibilities Candidate will participate in all aspects of the software design and invention of high performance robotic camera products. Includes conceptual design, architecting, and programming. Includes debugging, and system testing applications and modules in various software languages. Creation and upkeep of company product documents. Maintenance of current products and feature addition. Coordinate multiple build activities internally with engineering projects. Directing test engineers and technicians on specific projects. Provide customer support in the factory and in the field. Job Qualifications BS Computer Engineering or BSEE: 3 years or more applicable experience in embedded and Windows programming design preferred. Must be capable of working within a team, or as an individual, as the project plan dictates. Must be capable of thoroughly documenting complex system designs. Proven ability to assist in developing technical solutions to customer specifications. Experience with testing and debugging; in lab prototypes (initial bring up) and in field customer sites. Strong Knowledge of software development tools. Strong knowledge of Assembly, C, C#, and Microsoft(WIN32, .NET) are required. Strong knowledge of analog, digital and embedded design (motor drives, D/A, A/D, embedded microcontroller circuitry). Knowledge of design, development, test engineering, and manufacturing processes. Knowledge of Front End graphical user interface design Ability to read hardware block diagrams, schematics, and wiring diagrams. Knowledge of PCB schematic and layout tools a plus. Basic computer skills, including Microsoft suite; Outlook, Word, Excel, etc... .	Software Engineer	Synerfac	Mahwah	NJ	Mahwah, NJ	Synerfac	Thu, 15 Oct 2015 21:55:17 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=8a6fb399e6fbe45d&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1NYUZ1Yg5dpPpTnNNvZEKcJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kedtu018hk4ej
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	The Viacom Multiplatform team is looking for a senior "big data" engineer to help shape the future of data-driven product development in the multiscreen future. You have a passion for helping people understand the power of data and have demonstrated proficiency in working with technical and non-technical colleagues in transforming teams to rely on data. You know how to make data accessible at the right granularity for software engineers, data scientists, and business stakeholders to make this transformation possible. As a Senior Data Engineer you will be building systems to store data collected from site visitors, social networks and a variety of other third party API’s and data sources. The software you build will need to store millions of data points per day, provide real-time dashboards and tools to our editors and producers, as well as providing deep data analysis for our research and data science teams. You will be working closely with our product development and data science teams to evaluate potential sources of data and determine requirements for its use. You will also be working closely with other engineering teams that are consuming or providing data. This position reports to the Director, Backend Engineering and is initially focused on the Always On product. Develop software capable of capturing millions of data points per day with very low latency. Design and develop data schema and models appropriate for real-time dashboards as well as long-term analysis and data mining. Design and develop service APIs to provide data to other applications. Manage storage and infrastructure needs. Work closely with our data science team to provide analysis tools, reporting capabilities and ad-hoc reports. Provide guidance and support for projects that require other ETL processes. Evaluate both internal and third-party data sources for integration into the platform. Evaluate, recommend and provide technical oversight of vendors when applicable. Communicate with peers on other teams to ensure sound architecture Basic Qualifications 5-7+ years in software development 5 years working in the Data mining/warehousing field Degree in a computer science, statistics, applied mathematics, or related fields Additional Qualifications Strong knowledge of information retrieval principles and processing techniques Strong knowledge of MPP architecture and systems In depth, hands-on knowledge of HDFS, Hadoop, PIG, Hive, Spark in a production environment In depth, hands-on knowledge of both RDBMS and NoSQL technologies such as HBase, Aerospike, Couchbase and Cassandra with demonstrated ability to make sound decisions regarding data storage choice Ability to work with data scientists to translate algorithms to work in high volume production systems Familiarity with data mining and machine learning fundamentals Preferred data visualization skills using tools like Tableau, Qlikview, D3, and/or Spotfire Experience deploying big data solutions in public cloud such as AWS Knowledge of open source big data frameworks Knowledge of Continuous Integration, Continuous Delivery, and modern DevOps strategies Strong programming skills in Java and Python, with a good understanding of one or more of: Scala, C, C++ Excellent written and verbal communication skills. Comfort working with a variety of team members across different disciplines. #LI-KN1	SENIOR SOFTWARE ENGINEER, DATA	Viacom	New York	NY	New York, NY	Viacom	Fri, 18 Sep 2015 20:44:16 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=5fff7095e4f2e994&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1NYUZ1Yg5dpPpTnNNvZEKcJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kedtu018hk4ej
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Clearance required for this job : CI Poly Software Engineer - C++ Clearance Level: CI Poly Location: Florham Park, NJ Description: Software Engineer - C++ Location: Florham Park, NJ Clearance: TS/SCI CI poly (minimum) - Full Scope poly preferred *****Relocation Assistance Available***** Job Description Perform software architecture, design and development in various aspects of network assurance for classified programs. Duties and Responsibilities: Research solutions to challenging computer science problems. Architect, design, implement and unit test software solutions. Identify and evaluate software vulnerabilities. Presentation work performed to customers. Required Skills: 2-4 years related experience. Fundamental computer science expertise. Demonstrated computer science skills, which may include knowledge of software vulnerability discovery. Software development experience in current languages such as C++, Java, Python, Ruby, PHP, Javascript, etc. Willingness and ability to quickly learn new technologies. Special Knowledge/Certifications: Understanding of network hardware, systems, and software applications. Experience managing, designing/upgrading and administering a network in a lab environment would be a plus. Knowledge of Internet routing techniques protocols and tools. Understanding of network security.	Software Engineer - C++	Thomas Sharp, Inc.	Florham Park	NJ	Florham Park, NJ	Thomas Sharp, Inc.	Tue, 27 Oct 2015 06:09:58 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=a1217b72aa160ed5&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1NYUZ1Yg5dpPpTnNNvZEKcJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kedtu018hk4ej
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Software Engineer Consultant $80-$100K + bonus Seeking a technical resource with excellent communication skills, analysis and design ability to fill an Engineering &amp; Presales role at an exciting and fast growing software company. Primary responsibility for this position will be presales support activities for enterprise software sales and provide technical (including API) expertise for the Channel partners. Secondary responsibilities will include assisting the professional services team with integration projects as assigned. Responsibilities: Assist in closing new business. Product demonstrations with potential clients. Assist with completion of RFIs/RFPs. Analyze client requirements, conceptualize possible solutions, and tailor demonstrations and proposals to customer needs. Coordinate between Sales process and Services implementation as necessary. Provide support for company Channel partners. Staff exhibition booth at industry trade events. POC design/implementation as required (including both client-side and server-side development in ASP.NET). Application integration between company products and third party applications. Qualifications: BS in Computer Science or a related field or equivalent technical experience. Excellent written and oral communications skills. Experience in product demonstrations and/or working directly in with potential clients in a pre-sales process. Ability to adapt demonstrations and responses to a customer’s specific needs. At least 2-5 years in experience as a software engineer or in a similar role. Experience in application design or as a business analyst in a software environment. Understanding of web applications, their architecture and design. Experience in ASP.NET development is a plus. Strong presentation skills. A dynamic and motivated individual who has a passion for customer satisfaction and building professional customer relationships. Regular business travel (roughly 30%). Provo UT Jobs, Software Engineer Consultant, ASP.Net Development, Presales, Utah Recruiters, Information Technology Jobs, IT Jobs, Utah Recruiting	Software Engineer Consultant (Pre-Sales, Post-Sales)	GinasTechJobs.com	New York	NY	New York, NY	GinasTechJobs.com	Sat, 07 Nov 2015 00:31:21 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=18b2649623b6df13&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1NYUZ1Yg5dpPpTnNNvZEKcJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kedtu018hk4ej
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Genesis10 is seeking Senior Systems Engineer in support of an award winning client that provides mass transit technology solutions located in Woodbury, NY (Long Island). Summary: This position will help build out, maintain, and improve our client's rapidly expanding customer base. This candidate will be part of a talented team of engineers that demonstrate superb technical competency, delivering client critical solutions and ensuring the highest levels of availability, performance and security. Responsibilities: Being the technical lead on project teams consisting of Systems Engineers and technicians Supporting the design and deployment of complete systems, which include our products combined with complimentary technologies Creating and maintaining programmatic and technical documentation to insure efficient planning and execution Supporting Product Management and Engineering in the definition of software and hardware products and interfaces, etc. Required Skills: 8+ years’ experience in systems engineering involving hardware, software, data and communications technologies Good working knowledge of J1939 and J1708 protocols and experience with multiplex systems Some working knowledge of C and C++, SQL, VB, Java, HTLP, ASP databases BS in Computer Science, Engineering or Electrical Engineering required. Travel at least 25% You must be authorized to work in the United States If you have the described qualifications and are interested in this exciting opportunity, apply today! About Genesis10: Genesis10 is a leading U.S. business and technology consulting firm with hundreds of clients needing proven talent and solutions to power their strategic initiatives. If you are a high performing business or IT professional with solid, referenced experience, we want to meet you. Genesis10 recruiters and delivery professionals are highly accomplished career advocates, who get to know you beyond your resume to position you with the opportunities that fit your skills, experience and aspirations. We have benefit options to fit your needs and a support staff that works with you from placement throughout your engagement project after project. To learn more about Genesis10 and to view all our available career opportunities, please visit us at www.genesis10.com. Genesis10 is an Equal Opportunity Employer, M/F/D/V.	Senior Embedded Software Engineer	Genesis10	Woodbury	NY	Woodbury, NY	Genesis10	Thu, 29 Oct 2015 04:24:06 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=72dbefda449341cb&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1NYUZ1Yg5dpPpTnNNvZEKcJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kedtu018hk4ej
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	We are seeking founding members of a new group that will leverage Two Sigma’s technology and analytical capabilities in the insurance space. Working alongside industry veterans, the project will have a start-up feel as we launch our first product. The position is perfect for a self-starter interested in developing a deep understanding of the business while identifying opportunities for innovation. Our challenges require mastery of areas such as, but not limited to: Software architecture; Machine learning and predictive modeling; Big data; Distributed Systems. Requirements Include: At least a bachelor’s degree in a technical or quantitative field. Experience with Java, Scala or Python. Ability to design and architect complex systems. Ability to navigate ambiguity in requirements. Interest in business domain. Strong communication skills. 	Software Engineer, Predictive Insurance Analytics	Two Sigma Investments, LLC.	New York	NY	New York, NY	Two Sigma Investments, LLC.	Mon, 07 Sep 2015 06:06:48 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=f61296e8cc2c1810&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1NYUZ1Yg5dpPpTnNNvZEKcJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kedtu018hk4ej
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	As a global leader in fixed, mobile and converged broadband access, carrier and enterprise IP technologies, applications, and services, Alcatel-Lucent offers the end-to-end solutions that enable compelling communications services for people at home, at work and on the move. The Wireless organization is looking for a Software Engineer to join our team. Job Position Summary Description: The successful candidate will be a key member in implementing software for Remote Radio Heads (RRH). The candidate will be involved in most phases of development: architecture, prototypes, production, and resolution of customer technical issues. The candidate will work closely with 4-6 peers doing software development, and will interface with the entire team of 15-20 engineers covering system, hardware, mechanical, software, test engineering, &amp; manufacturing Note: Due to the requirements of the National Security Agency, only US Citizens and holders of a valid Green Card are eligible for this position. Qualifications Required Qualifications: (Education, Technical Skills/Knowledge) C &amp; C++ languages, object oriented programming Embedded Software Development Real-Time Operating Systems (Linux preferred) Experience with multi-process and multi-threaded programming Communications Protocols: TCP/IP OA&amp;M software development Ability to design applications, write code and execute testing and debugging Ability to work from system requirements and architecture, to develop design concepts and detailed designs for new firmware. Ability to interface with other software engineers, FPGA designers, and RF/Digital hardware engineers to resolve system level issues and bring them to a resolution. Ability to identify and use appropriate test equipment and development tools. 5-10 yrs software coding experience Must possess excellent oral, written and presentational skills Desired Qualifications: (Education, Technical Skills/Knowledge) Experience with Linux Kernel development and Linux Device Drivers a strong plus. Experience with ARM processor and TI DSPs. Experience writing low level device drivers to control RF components such as synthesizers, attenuators, ADC, DAC Experience with Telnet, FTP, ARP, SSH, RS485, CPRI, AISG Experience with CPRI control channel Experience in digital signal processing Experience writing DSP code Microsoft Visual Studio, Python, TCL Education : BSEE or BSCS or equivalent experience – Required MSEE or MSCS - Desired Alcatel-Lucent is an Equal Opportunity / Affirmative Action employer including women, minorities, veterans, and individuals with disabilities Job Software Development Primary Location Americas-United States-Murray Hill Schedule Full-time	Software Engineer - 300	Alcatel-Lucent	Murray Hill	NJ	Murray Hill, NJ	Alcatel-Lucent	Thu, 15 Oct 2015 22:17:25 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=2688fdcabe25bbeb&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1NYUZ1Yg5dpPpTnNNvZEKcJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kedtu018hk4ej
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	FactSet is looking for a talented Software Engineer to join our Core Product Engineering department. An ideal candidate for this position should have good mix of system administration, programming and analytical skills. Specialist is expected to quickly learn and take responsibility of Infrastructure support for Web Application and Web Services that run on Linux platform. This includes systems monitoring and troubleshooting. There are many technologies and teams involved and the successful candidate will need to have both technical and interpersonal skill to be effective. The FactSet Engineering team is composed of highly talented and motivated individuals, primarily selected from top-tier technical programs around the world. We believe this approach fosters the continual introduction of new technologies and ideas, which has been critical to our success. Our engineers believe that a key to their, and FactSet’s, success is creating a loose team environment in which everyone can contribute individually, yet at the same time cultivate a community where engineers can depend on each other for help, learning, and development. Our management approach is to trust and expect the best. We believe in hands-off management and encourage developers to take initiative to complete projects, manage multiple tasks, and set their own individual day-to-day priorities. We also encourage creativity and innovation, since they benefit FactSet in the long run. In our friendly yet professional atmosphere, FactSet offers an excellent opportunity to grow and be a part of a successful team. Job Requirements : Minimum 3 years of administration experience with one of the following servers: Apache HTTPD, Nginx, ColdFusion or Apache Tomcat Experience with Perl, CGI, FastCGI, BASH, HTML, AJAX Experience with Web Application troubleshooting Experience with Databases and SQL (SQL, MySQL) 24/7 Support Strong analytical and problem solving skills Ability to communicate well with engineers and business principals Ability to work both independently and in groups on managing workload and shifting priorities Highly Desired : Experiences Firewall and Load Balancer Experiences with Perforce or other SCM’s Good understanding of Web security Experiences with PSGI BS or MS in Computer Science or equivalent The FactSet Engineering team is composed of highly talented and motivated individuals, primarily selected from top-tier technical programs around the world. We believe this approach fosters the continual introduction of new technologies and ideas, which has been critical to our success. Our engineers believe that a key to their, and FactSet’s, success is creating a loose team environment in which everyone can contribute individually, yet at the same time cultivate a community where engineers can depend on each other for help, learning, and development. Our management approach is to trust and expect the best. We believe in hands-off management and encourage developers to take initiative to complete projects, manage multiple tasks, and set their own individual day-to-day priorities. We also encourage creativity and innovation, since they benefit FactSet in the long run. In our friendly yet professional atmosphere, FactSet offers an excellent opportunity to grow and be a part of a successful team. FactSet Research Systems Inc. is an E-Verify participant and EOE/M/F/D/V Employer which strongly supports diversity in the workforce. Equal Opportunity Employment Policy It is the policy of FactSet Research Systems Inc. ("FactSet") to provide equal employment and advancement opportunities to all qualified employees and applicants for employment regardless of their race, color, religion, sex, age, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, physical or mental disability, genetic information, protected veteran status, pregnancy, military or military reserve obligations, or any other class or status protected by law. This policy applies to all policies and procedures related to recruitment, hiring, training, promotion, compensation, benefits, transfer, discharge, and other terms and conditions of employment. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability or protected veteran status. If you have questions concerning this policy, please contact the Human Resources department at +1 (203) 810-1000.	Software Engineer - Infrastructure	FactSet Research Systems	New York	NY	New York, NY	FactSet Research Systems	Sun, 13 Sep 2015 09:12:04 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=17b7a086b6ed623c&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1NYUZ1Yg5dpPpTnNNvZEKcJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kedtu018hk4ej
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Weight Watchers is an international leader in healthy lifestyle change. At Weight Watchers our mission is “To Change People’s Relationship with Food for Good”. We are transforming our half-century old company by leveraging technology and leading the way in the health and wellness arena with a new emphasis on analytics, mobility and digital solutions to help our members reach their goals. This includes integrating with Fitbit, iOS Health, among others, as well as the associated tools, information and synchronization needed for our members. We are seeking people excited to join our team during this transformation. This is a rare opportunity to help change the culture and approach of the organization. This is a great opportunity for new employees to expand their skills and influence within their teams and the company overall. As reliance on health and wellness awareness increases, be part of the team that will be leading the way. We are seeking a strong software engineer with experience in analytics to join our team. What you will do: Build out our analytical solutions to enable product and marketing analytics Add and manage tags, javascript and other artifacts in our product pages to enable tracking Define, build and test reports and funnels that can be consumed by our business partners Implement and support the analytics needs from a tech standpoint Be part of the team that is responsible for all analytical needs throughout the organization Create and support reporting through analytical tools Work towards making the company more data driven by understanding the business needs and implementing an appropriate solution Build out new features and iterate on existing features Participate in code reviews. Answer technical inquiries on code base and product You should have: Deep experience with one or more analytical tools including Omniture, Google Analytics and such Deep experience with implementing and supporting Tag management systems like Adobe DTM, Tealium or such Real world experience with Analytical standards and best practices Experience working with applications using .Net/Java frameworks Experience with modern frameworks such as node.js, AngularJS, Express or other JS frameworks Experience with web services API integration (Rest, JSON, XML) Ability to understand requirements and map to technical implementation Experience with RDBMS and NoSQL Databases is a nice to have Solid foundation in data structures, algorithms, and OO design Strong track record of shipping products Proficient understanding of code versioning tools such as GIT, SVN, etc Must have excellent oral and written communication skills. Computer science degree or equivalent academic or professional background Bachelors degree in Computer Science or equivalent. We hire only the best people. Here are the benefits to being top-notch: Generous healthcare coverage. 401(K) with company match. Paid Time Off Paid parental leave Tuition reimbursement Wellness allowance Profit Sharing Plus, the resources to locate services including child care, legal services, pet care and more Weight Watchers is an equal opportunity employer. Weight Watchers does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, creed, national origin, marital status, age, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, veteran status, or disability.	Senior Software Engineer (Analytics)	Weight Watchers International	New York	NY	New York, NY	Weight Watchers International	Wed, 16 Sep 2015 05:46:14 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=62c2d4ebbe338d0a&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1NYUZ1Yg5dpPpTnNNvZEKcJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kedtu018hk4ej
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	RESPONSIBILITIES: Kforce has a client that has an opening in New York City, New York (NY) for a Senior Software Engineer for the Data Analytics Platform (DAP) Team to develop, maintain, enhance, and support the client's Data Feed Platform. The DAP Team provides data and analytics products to support media agencies across the globe. This firm is paying a competitive package along with excellent benefits, and a lot of time off. The client is offering a great work / life balance as well. Overview: The data and analytics organization in this company is responsible for managing and analyzing massive amounts of data as well as supporting the whole organization in delivering value from data. The client focuses on designing, developing and operating their global technology stack with four key layers of Data Marketplace, Data Management, Analytics Workbench and Application Marketplace. These products are hosted on a variety of infrastructure options including but not limited to local servers, public and private clouds and enable a suite of advanced analytics-based products, specific data collection modules and customized data transformation packages. Responsibilities: Work closely with business analysts and product managers in analyzing Data Feed requirements and provide technical guidance Lead a small team of developers in the development lifecycle of new internal and external Data Feeds using best development practices Collaborate with other developers working on products that rely on the Data Feed platform Interact with business users and vendors in analyzing and solving Data Feed issues Work with technologies like C#, SQL Server 2008 / 2012, ASP.Net, WCF services, Windows services, JSON / XML, etc REQUIREMENTS: College degree or equivalent working experience Approximately 10 years of development experience 5 + years of experience with .Net and C# SQL Server experience ASP.Net / MVC, WCF Web services, and Windows services experience Media data planning and / or data collection experience is a plus 	Lead / Sr .Net Software Engineer/Backend Developer	Kforce	New York	NY	New York, NY	Kforce	Tue, 27 Oct 2015 15:44:39 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=0529ddda71d68621&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1NYUZ1Yg5dpPpTnNNvZEKcJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kedtu018hk4ej
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Please Enable Cookies to Continue Please enable cookies in your browser to experience all the personalized features of this site, including the ability to apply for a job. Returning Candidate? Log back in! eCommerce - Senior Software Engineer eCommerce - Senior Software Engineer Job ID 1489 # Positions 1 Location US - NY - New York City Experience (Years) .. Category E-Commerce Services More information about this job Overview Tacit Knowledge, a Newgistics Company, is a digital commerce consultancy founded on the premise that talent and experience are key factors in project success. Tacit's approach has been to build a global team of highly vetted technologists that specialize in eCommerce. We leverage Silicon Valley innovations to solve scaling and throughput issues prevalent in eCommerce solutions. Our company has long-standing, global partnerships with leading software vendors such as hybris, Demandware, Oracle, Adobe and others. A long list of marquee brands that chose Tacit Knowledge as their technology partner exemplifies our success. Clients include Nike, Pottery Barn, Sephora, Mulberry, Macy's, J.Crew, GAP, belkin, Converse, Anthropologie, Urban Outfitters, and many more. Together with our parent company, Newgistics, we bring together the industry's leading omni-channel commerce and order management software as part of a complete end-to-end eCommerce solution that provides our clients with systems designed for growth. If you love to learn and want to work with smart, fun people on interesting problems, please reach out today for interviews this week. Responsibilities ABOUT THE ROLE: Listen, learn and consult. This is a client facing services role where you will interact directly and frequently with outside business and technical stakeholders. Act as the primary technical point of contact, taking personal responsibility for project success. Set the technical direction of projects, arbitrating major technical decisions. Have technical issues escalate to you because team members genuinely want and respect your opinion – not because it’s their job to ask for it. Lead and mentor highly talented and motivated software engineers to become even better. Think long term. Prioritize. Write Code. Review code. Stabilize. Deploy. Streamline. Optimize. Ensure projects are realistic, interesting and fun - for everyone involved. ESSENTIALS: 5 years plus of experience making significant contributions while developing software programs in a highly challenging technical enterprise environment. Expert in Java or J2EE coupled with a toolbox of other languages (e.g. C#, Ruby, or Perl). Extensive experience providing expertise on a combination of optimization, networks, database architecture, performance testing and application frameworks. Familiarity with Scrum or Extreme Programming (XP) project methodologies to manage successful projects. Working knowledge of Continuous Integration (CI) and Continuous Deployment (CD) principles and tools such as Jenkins, TeamCity and Bamboo. Ability to mentor in a team environment and communicate with clients effectively across a range of industries with diverse technologies. Self­-starter with strong problem solving skills and the ability to articulate concise solutions. A track record of mentoring software engineers: your bliss is helping other people get better. Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or equivalent experience; we won’t hold a Masters or a PHD against you. Qualifications Experience working as a professional consultant. Bonus points if you’ve been the primary point of contact with clients. Experience working as the architect of a large software engineering effort Experience with leading ecommerce solutions such as hybris or Adobe AEM is a big plus. Experience building large ecommerce systems or other high availability web-based applications. Familiarity with infrastructure configuration and automation tools such as Chef, Vagrant, Ansible, Puppet and Salt. Experience collaborating with remote/offshore development teams. Deep technical expertise in at least one of the following: networks, systems, database optimization or application frameworks. Our culture is innately entrepreneurial because it is comprised of highly talented people who thrive in an atmosphere where ideas, actions and initiative are not only welcome, but encouraged and rewarded. The founders of Tacit Knowledge are natural Agile gurus and it is in their collective DNA to manage everything from an Agile perspective, whether it be collaborative interviewing or embracing an iterative process to attract, develop and retain the top talent in the industry. Options Apply for this job online Apply Refer Email this job to a friend Email Refer a LinkedIn connection Share on your newsfeed Connect With Us! Not ready to apply? Connect with us to receive updates on jobs and stay informed of opportunities without applying for a specific position.	eCommerce - Senior Software Engineer	Newgistics, Inc.	New York	NY	New York, NY	Newgistics, Inc.	Sat, 12 Sep 2015 15:10:00 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=76dc1a469afac64c&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1NYUZ1Yg5dpPpTnNNvZEKcJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kedtu018hk4ej
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Work with engineers and product managers to create, implement, and improve QA procedures for our web interface and API products Perform and participate in all aspects of manual and automated verification. This includes feature and functional testing, unit testing, regression, load and performance testing Provide clear bug and issue descriptions and assist in escalations as needed Create and apply new approaches and concepts to improve the productivity and efficiency of testing practices The Successful Applicant Strong programming skills obtained through a degree or equivalent experience. Demonstrated ability to handle QA applications independently Ability to confidently tell a developer something isn't working properly even when he/she insists that it is A desire to constantly improve things Familiarity with JavaScript, jQuery, Go, Python and PHP are plusses. What's on Offer Competivive base plus benefits Apply for this job Click the Apply or LinkedIn button below or contact Andrew Luzzi quoting job reference 1169719 As you are using an Apple iOS device we are unable to offer you the CV upload function. Please apply with your LinkedIn profile below or contact Andrew Luzzi quoting job reference 1169719	Software Test Engineer	Michael Page US	New York	NY	New York, NY	Michael Page US	Fri, 09 Oct 2015 22:33:57 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=775b214a719923b5&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1NYUZ1Yg5dpPpTnNNvZEKcJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kedtu018hk4ej
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Analyze, design, implement, integrate, and modify software applications and software systems for pricing and loss in the reinsurance industry, using ASP.Net, C#, WPF, JavaScript, HTML, MVC, and SQL server 2008/2012; Design, implement, unit test, debug and troubleshoot applications using ASP.Net, C#, .Net framework, Telerik, DevExpress Controls, WPF, JavaScript, HTML, MVC, and SQL server 2008/2012; Formulate and define technical specifications and develop software applications using multi-tier repository-driven architecture; Create and deliver reusable, portable, efficient, and timely code; Assist the Project Manager in project planning, project definition, requirements definition, analysis, testing, system documentation and user training; Assure that application design and implementation are consistent with the security and technology strategy for the client’s infrastructure and software application architecture; Act as liaison with offshore software development team. This professional position requires at least a bachelor’s degree (or foreign equivalent evaluated by a US credentialing service) in computer science or a related field, and experience as a software engineer or software developer. The position also requires experience in ASP.Net, C#, .Net framework, DevExpress Controls, WPF, JavaScript, HTML, MVC, and SQL server. Location: New York, NY Academic Qualification(s): Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science	Software Engineer	Visionet Systems	New York	NY	New York, NY	Visionet Systems	Sun, 06 Sep 2015 06:34:07 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=5b02aba449819d8f&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1NYUZ1Yg5dpPpTnNNvZEKcJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kedtu018hk4ej
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Airtime is a highly skilled team looking to transform the way we communicate digitally. Our vision is to live in a world where we can be together with anyone from any device at any time. This means bridging the multitude of technical and psychological barriers to video chatting. It's a pretty insane challenge, but that's what we thrive on over here at Airtime. Founded by Sean Parker and backed by all the major VCs, we're tackling these issues head-on by building a new synchronous social media and a powerful optimized-WebRTC video engine to facilitate it. This technology is cutting-edge and has no other counterpart in the market. The future of telecommunications is ours to take. Are you intrigued? We hire people we admire. What should we admire about you? Job Description The API team at Airtime is one of our two key pillars for success. Facilitating every client-side feature, and brainstorming new ones, the work accomplished here will be visible by millions on several different platforms around the world. If you'd like to lead the architecture and implementation of the next major communication backend, you've come to the right place. As the lead engineer on our soon-to-be three member team you will: Develop Airtime?s client API to handle millions of requests per day Architect reusability and security within our Docker-based microservices Tackle tough engineering challenges like building, then scaling amazing user experiences and working with multi-stream video chat. Work closely with the Android team to handle a variety of devices. Integrate with our WebRTC media engine to facilitate multi-party video chats Improve and deliver reliable software through continuous integration, automated testing and code reviews. Unit test everything, but know when to ask our stellar test team for some scripts Invent, contribute and implement support for next-generation features, which may be your own design Mentor and learn In order to succeed at these goals, you will likely need to have: Scaled at least one communications application, either as the lead or as a key decision maker In-depth understanding of socket engineering Familiarity with the Android ecosystem Experience working on consumer products An unrelenting drive to keep large and complex code bases clean, maintainable and reusable A fearless mindset when tackling new challenges Comfort and delight in a small, intense, high-growth startup environment Eagerness to learn and teach new technologies At least 4+ years of solid experience in the field This position is in midtown New York City. No remote work (except for occasional WFH). Airtime will help with relocation if needed. Required skills The following is our technological stack here at Airtime. Not all these skills are required. The bolded are necessary competencies to succeed in this role, but for all else we simply ask for a desire to learn. Node.JS React.JS Objective-C Java (Android) AWS/ECS Docker Ansible/Salt/Chef/Puppet MongoDB Socket.IO HTTP and REST Webservices C/C++ WebRTC Git Jira Benefits Not specified	Lead Software Engineer, API	Airtime	New York	NY	New York, NY	StartUpHire	Tue, 03 Nov 2015 04:54:49 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=1d94b08510a4db10&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1NYUZ1Yg5dpPpTnNNvZEKcJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kedtu018hk4ej
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	LGS Innovations, a leader in government telecommunications and network integration, is seeking an Embedded/Firmware Software Engineer PAD for our Florham Park, NJ location. LGS Innovations solves the most complex networking and communications challenges facing the U.S. Federal Government, state and local governments, foreign governments, and commercial organizations worldwide. LGS delivers groundbreaking research, and advanced networking and communications solutions that provide an information advantage that contributes to the mission and operational success of its customers. LGS Innovations is a U.S.-owned company headquartered in Herndon, Virginia, with offices nationwide. We provide our employees with competitive compensation packages and a full range of benefits, including vacation, medical, dental, life insurance, a 401(k) plan, tuition assistance, and an Employee Assistance Program (EAP). Primary Purpose: Under minimal direction, develop and maintain cutting-edge embedded firmware/software optical solutions to meet customer requirements. Roles and Responsibilities: Develop firmware architectures from customer specifications and internal hardware requirements. Support processor platform selection including memory requirements, communications protocols, and peripheral device control interfaces. Develop real-time software/firmware on bare metal as well as in an Embedded Linux environment. Implement device drivers for various bus protocols and hardware devices. Work with team members to test and document firmware while following LGS source control and quality processes. Design closed loop control systems using hardware I/O such as ADCs and DACs. Define and develop system operation, administration, and monitoring infrastructure that include telemetry reporting, fail-safe error handling, and safety interlock control. Analyze telemetry along with hardware instrumentation data to develop calibration procedures and provide verification of customer specifications. Participate in firmware and software integration with electrical and optical hardware team. Provide diagnostic firmware and BIST to support hardware debug and customer field operation. Work in a lab environment with hardware developers to resolve issues in a team atmosphere. Add new features to existing embedded software and verify the code functionality. Integrate revised embedded software with hardware and verify that operation is in accordance with requirements. Create presentations for internal and external customers using software tools to analyze data and create graphics. Present data at preliminary and critical design reviews (PDR/CDR) Understand and adhere to all LGS Ethical and Compliance policies Proactively ensure a safe work environment and adhere to LGS EH&amp;S policies and procedures Perform other duties as required Qualifications Basic Qualifications: To be considered for this position, you must minimally meet the knowledge, skills, and abilities listed below: Must be able to obtain and maintain a Security Clearance (US citizenship is a prerequisite) Experience in C programming of embedded software/firmware. Demonstrated experience in the design of embedded software for microprocessors. Prior C programming experience is required. Strong preference for prior experience with 8051 microcontrollers, ARM, and embedded FPGA processors. Demonstrated experience in the lab debug of processor-based hardware, including experience interpreting electrical schematics and electronic device datasheets. Experience with protocol analyzers and high speed oscilloscopes. Experience in scripting with Python, TCL, or other languages Demonstrated experience interfacing to FPGAs or DSPs in high-speed analog / digital control loops, including prior experience with high speed ADC and DAC conversion. Experienced and disciplined in the use of version control systems such as SVN or GIT, and other software quality processes (design review/ code inspection). Excellent interpersonal and communication (oral and written) skills. Proficient knowledge of Microsoft software applications (Visio, Excel, PowerPoint) and other software applications as required. Minimum Education and Experience: Bachelor’s Degree in Electrical Engineering or Computer Science and 4-6 years related experience, or combination of equivalent education and related experience Working Conditions: Work is typically performed in office environment which requires proper safety precautions. Work may require some physical effort in the handling of light materials, boxes, or equipment. The above job description is not intended to be, nor should it be construed as, exhaustive of all responsibilities, skills, efforts, or working conditions associated with the job. Requests for reasonable accommodations will be considered to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions of this position.	Embedded/Firmware Software Engineer--PAD	LGS Innovations	Florham Park	NJ	Florham Park, NJ	LGS Innovations	Tue, 15 Sep 2015 21:14:32 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=eab6e100e872f6b5&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1NYUZ1Yg5dpPpTnNNvZEKcJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kedtu018hk4ej
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Smith &amp; Keller is currently hiring for a Data Mining Software Engineer. Job Description for Data Mining Software Engineer As a Developer, you will assure the success of our Big Data product. You will improve our systems to take in data and utilizing it optimally. You will be working with a team of expert data scientists to perfect an existing SaaS that helps significantly expand the use of renewable energy technologies. This is an opportunity to use the deep competencies developed in the IT industry to solve industrial problems at a large scale. Compensation: Competitive Base Salary based on Experience Incentive Bonuses Group Bonuses Medical, dental, vision, and long term disability insurance 401k with company Matching Joining a team of intelligent PhDs/MS from top schools Enthusiastic and fast paced work environment We are a true tech company with a loft office and a lot of highly educated folks doing cutting edge work in a dynamic environment. Skills &amp; Requirements for Data Mining Software Engineer Highly Valued: Familiar with SQL, PL/SQL, and application data modeling Familiar with professional development environment. e.g., IDE, maven, SVN, and Bug tracking Preferred: Experience of application server setup and configuration (Glassfish server is a plus) Experience of database administration Experience of ETL design and programming using Java (familiarity with Spring batch is a big plus) Optional: Familiar with MapReduce programming. Experience of setting up and configuring Hadoop Clusters Experience of development environment setup and maintenance; e.g., install/manage SVN, Bugzilla server, and Hudson server Knowledge of machine learning Familiarity with Linux server	Data Mining Software Engineer – Using Big Data to Change Our World	Smith & Keller	New York	NY	New York, NY	Smith & Keller	Fri, 09 Oct 2015 23:29:13 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=9dc7a6f4f633f38f&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1NYUZ1Yg5dpPpTnNNvZEKcJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kedtu018hk4ej
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	We are seeking an enthusiastic and experienced software engineer to build a next-generation, web based, distributed, research platform. Working closely with other talented software engineers and researchers across the company, you will be part of a new team responsible for architecting and developing the next generation research platform, upon which all of Two Sigma’s research and modeling will be performed. The scope of this project is quite large and as such, relies on experts in multiple domains including: Distributed computing systems; Parallel programming languages; Big data manipulation and visualization; Large scale, web 2.0 full stack development; Web based user interface design and development. Requirements Include: At least a bachelor’s degree in computer science, with exceptional coding ability. Experience in at least one of the areas listed above, or something similar. Experience with multiple languages including at least some of: C, C++, Java, JavaScript, Angular, Node.js, Python. Proficiency in building highly scalable systems, with knowledge of frameworks such as Hadoop, Spark, Mesos &amp; Docker being a definite advantage. Innate communication skills to elicit and distill technology needs from highly technical staff and novice users alike. A passion for tackling extremely challenging problems and solving them with elegance. 	Beaker Software Engineer	Two Sigma Investments, LLC.	New York	NY	New York, NY	Two Sigma Investments, LLC.	Mon, 07 Sep 2015 06:06:32 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=aa714b50af8f97d5&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1NYUZ1Yg5dpPpTnNNvZEKcJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kedtu018hk4ej
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Let’s dive right in with the qualities we are looking for in you as a Software Engineer Above all, you are passionate about development You are curious and creative You are tuned in to new trends and technologies You are passionate about Python, PHP, and JavaScript and you are proud of the code you write You create opportunities because that's what we need You like racking your brain and coming up with the simplest and most viable solution with your team You understand the theoretical side to Scrum/Agile, but you also know how to effectively and smoothly put it into practice while keeping it fun You like working in a team and receiving, as well as giving your teammates, relevant and constructive comments In concrete terms, your daily responsibilities will be: Writing (duh!) testable (oh...) code that your teammates will enjoy improving with you Participating in all activities of our Scrum process: daily scrum, planning, sprint commitment, task breakdown, backlog grooming, as well as peer-review, pair programming, testing and review (everything is more fun in a team) Deploying your code and that of your teammates in a pre-production environment (for starters), then to production. Then savour the reward of a job well done. Testing, testing, and testing again, then automating your tests in order to present the best code to your team because, as Yoda would say, “ effort and discipline , sources of pride they are.” Estimating the efforts for each story with your team (it has been kinda proven that estimates cannot be done by consulting an astrological chart) Communicating your progress and obstacles to your team and your ScrumMaster, by smoke signals, if you have to Demonstrating and assisting in demonstrating your teams’ successes to clients or their representatives : nothing better than showing off when we’re extraordinary iWeb in short: At iWeb, of the Internap group, we really are not like the rest. Example? Politics and nice promises have no place here, which might make you uneasy. However, if all you see here is a challenge, don’t wait to apply! A little background: In 5 years, we have grown from 50 to more than 700 employees. We are an IT company that has expanded very quickly, so yes, there can be some nonsense. That said, we see this nonsense as an opportunity for improvement and we hope that will also be the case for you. The IaaS industry is evolving so rapidly that we have created an agile culture. Routine? We don’t even know the meaning of the word. Status quo? You can’t connect a router to it, so we avoid it. Hierarchy? The less there is, the better we feel. But we don’t like chaos any more. So, we find a balance between the two. Bureaucracy? We are here to exceed ourselves and face challenges, and we don’t have time for filling out forms. In a nutshell, we want to keep our startup culture, but we also face certain realities of a large company. Sometimes this means dealing with additional constraints, at other times, satisfying our ambitions. With clients such as Facebook or Twitter, we owe it to ourselves to be the best. At iWeb, we offer you a team, a community, and an open-area workspace, not to mention 100GB of RAM per developer. Yep, we have the essential resources: it’s our job! On top of that, we have no idea what to do with our blank walls. So, we welcome your decoration ideas, like all your other ideas. Here’s what we are offering you: Open work environment, not only in terms of the physical layout, but also the culture. Very experienced team, ready to challenge and be challenged. A perfect ecosystem to continue learning, even if you are experienced. Automation like you’ve never seen! Latitude in decision making and creativity, as long as your idea holds up, of course Each employee is a key member in creating the IaaS of tomorrow on OpenStack, THE standard of future Cloud and Web infrastructures An environment that awakens the spirit: each person has their say and adds to the collective knowledge Fun at work, doesn't it show ? Work, family, and personal life balance: we give talent the room to grow Visiting Montreal, because our teams are a mix of New York and Montreal, so sometime they come, sometime we do. But who doesn't like poutine ?	Software Engineer	Internap	New York	NY	New York, NY	Internap	Tue, 08 Sep 2015 16:26:31 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=8bfd29cb481f5a63&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1NYUZ1Yg5dpPpTnNNvZEKcJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kedtu018hk4ej
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Are you a Software Engineer with experience in Node.js or significant Javascript development Do you have experience in frameworks like Sinatra or Express If you are a strong Software Engineer with expertise in and passion for web application development, this Node.js role will be a great fit! This fast-growing startup in the social music industry partners with major technology integrators like Facebook and Spotify. They are a leader in digital music advertising, using the power of music to create engaging online experiences. Their technology platform is built for rapid development and implementation and they are looking for strong Node.js Software Engineers who have a passion for problem-solving and can contribute to their growing music-centric start-up. What You’ll Be Doing: Node.js back-end development Design and implement web API architectures Hands-on software development – prototyping, feature development, bug fixing, unit testing and writing automated functional tests Work with UX designers on API interfaces Be the go-to for the team to ask questions on functionality and real-time changes You’ll Need: Expertise in back-end development with Node.js (or strong Javascript) and a focus on performance and scalability Experience with consuming and building web API’s PostgreSQL, MySQL, or NoSQL storage solutions (Mongo, Hadoop, Cassandra) Experience in agile / scrum Linux development, event-based asynchronous programming Nginx configuration and administration Distributed caching system (Redis) Frameworks like Sinatra or Express Bonus Skills: DevOps experience (Jenkins, OpenStack, SaltStack, Puppet, Chef) Testing: mocha, karma, mockery, node qunit, httpMock, or similar Client side frameworks: Backbone, AngularJS, Ember, or similar C/C++, Python, Java You’ll Get: Competitive compensation ($100-130k + discretionary bonus every 6 months) Awesome team, creative environment Great vacation day policy Casual office environment Strong health benefits package + 401k If you’re a solid Node.js Software Engineer with experience in consumer web, please apply today! This role is urgent and interviews will take place within 24-48 hours.	Software Engineer – Node JS - Social Music Start-up - Flatiron	FILD	New York	NY	New York, NY	FILD	Sat, 10 Oct 2015 09:13:13 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=39fa1763d4e0623c&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1NYUZ1Yg5dpPpTnNNvZEKcJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kedtu018hk4ej
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	******************************************* Backend or Fullstack Software Engineer ******************************************* Artivest is seeking a Software Engineer with a passion for building industry-changing systems. Technology is at the forefront of our business; the experience we provide through our online portal drives our success. We are building a world class website where cutting edge technology, dynamic content, and user analytics are crucial to the success of the platform. In addition, we are a financial institution that must automate and streamline middle and back office operations. The Senior Software Engineer will be exposed to a wide array of the technologies used in a data-driven, fast growing web-startup along with the latest financial technologies that power the world’s largest financial institutions. ----------- Who You Are ----------- Love elegant, maintainable, and scalable code Data-driven, constantly testing (unit and functional), iterating, and releasing code Appreciate unit testing and keeping coding standards high Hungry to adopt next generation cutting-edge technologies Enthusiastic about innovation in the tech industry, including continuous learning and improvement ---------------- What You've Done ---------------- 2-3 years experience as Back End Engineer BA/BS in Computer Science, Software Engineering, or related discipline required Strong Python development skills Developed robust websites / web applications using Django Database development – PostgreSQL and some NoSQL experience (Mongo / Reddis) Have other scripting and classical language skills (Java, C#, C++, Ruby, etc) Deeply understand OO design and CS concepts Designed and built API’s -------------- What You'll Do -------------- Play a key role in the development of our websites back-end (code, architecture, APIs, tests) Add key features to our back-end database, Django applications, and scripts Create tests and documentation to ensure code is understandable and robust Stay on top of emerging web technologies to inform best practices and guidelines Integrate with other systems to link complex disconnected data together Think strategically to help scale our technology Provide input on development policies, methodologies, and code standards Research and propose new technologies and methodologies At Artivest, you will also find yourself working with a smart, fun, dedicated, and passionate team committed to building a powerful, industry-changing organization.	Backend or Fullstack Software Engineer (Python/Django)	Artivest	New York	NY	New York, NY	Artivest	Wed, 09 Sep 2015 05:49:00 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=1baa7d04e2dec076&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1NYUZ1Yg5dpPpTnNNvZEKcJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kedtu018hk4ej
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	A technically strong hands-on expert Software Engineer to lead development efforts for highly visible, cutting edge consumer facing websites built on the Adobe Experience Manager (AEM) CMS Platform for highly recognized and distinguished consumer brands. We are seeking a highly motivated and technically proficient Java engineer with deep experience developing and leading projects on the AEM platform including, but not limited to: designing and developing site architecture, custom components, custom workflows, Digital Asset Management (DAM) customization, object model designs (Java APIs), implementation strategy, unit testing and deployment. Translates business requirements into technical details relevant to AEM Resolves functional and technical issues relating to AEM Provides technical leadership on complex projects that require eCommerce, campaign, targeting, and social with the AEM platform Creates technical documentation as part of client deliverables Provides technical leadership and mentoring of team members. Qualifications 3+ years of development/implementation experience using AEM including hands on experience developing templates, components, OSGi services, and integrations. Working knowledge of AEMs multi-site manager, campaign integration and content translation strategies. 7+ years of Java web programming experience 2+ years of experience with modern JavaScript libraries and frameworks such as jQuery, Backbone.js, AngularJS, and/or other MVC frameworks. Strong communication skills with the ability to effectively interface with business as well as technical teams. Good business analysis/design skills with architecture and implementation experience. Bachelors degree in Computer Science or Engineering 	Staff Software Engineer (AEM) (STS)	Scholastic	New York	NY	New York, NY	Scholastic	Fri, 04 Sep 2015 01:16:36 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=7573e7d56e88a214&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1NYUZ1Yg5dpPpTnNNvZEKcJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kedtu018hk4ej
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Title SDE 4 (Software Design Engineer) Location New York, NY Duration 6+ Months JOB DESCRIPTION bull Self-starter, a person that can work in a small team independently and without much supervision, but able to follow through specific directions and objectives. bull Able to thrive in a very dynamic environment with shifting priorities. bull Can do attitude, positive personality bull Experience working with a remotedistributed team bull 5+ years of experience Back end bull Experience with ASP.NET MVC development bull C, Entity Framework, Linq bull SQL Azure, SQL Server, TSQL Front end bull HTML5, CSS3 bull Javascript, bootstrap, jQuery, JSON consuming bull Razor bull Unit testing bull Continuous deployment bull Git bull Experience with deployment on Azure Experience with ASP.NET MVC development C#, Entity Framework, Linq SQL Azure, SQL Server, TSQL HTML5, CSS3Javascript, bootstrap, jQuery, JSON consumin Razor	SDE 4 (Software Design Engineer)	Ramp Group	New York	NY	New York, NY	Dice	Tue, 20 Oct 2015 14:38:28 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=d5f5e76bfeee2c63&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1NYUZ1Yg5dpPpTnNNvZEKcJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kedtu018hk4ej
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	C++ Software Engineer We are seeking an outstanding candidate to join an agile, highly professional team that collaborates with other Developers, Quality Assurance, and Business Analysts to deliver crucial new features and to help grow and maintain this exciting business within Liquidnet. This person will be part of the server-side development team, playing a key role in the development, deployment and support of Liquidnet Alternative Trading System (ATS). Responsibilities Develop architectural and functional production functionality and automatic test scripting to maintain business-level components for a large-scale distributed financial application and third-party interfaces. Serve as liaison with internal development groups to provide technical direction and support on delivered components. Document delivered features, enhancements and functionality. Skills and Qualifications Required Bachelors of Science degree in Computer Science. 5+ years of relevant C++ programming experience. Strong object-oriented design and methodology. Solid knowledge of Windows and Linux operating systems. Motivated self-starter; strong “take-charge” attitude. Excellent follow-through and attention to detail. Strong organizational skills. Strong communication skills. Preferred An understanding of electronic financial messaging FIX protocol. Knowledge of Python is a definite plus. Knowledge of various Relational Databases, especially Oracle. Understanding of messaging based distributed systems that support high speed transaction processing, fault-tolerance, application/data integration and security. 	C++ Software Engineer	Liquidnet	New York	NY	New York, NY	Liquidnet	Fri, 04 Sep 2015 03:01:34 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=2e281c49fb3ade59&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1NYUZ1Yg5dpPpTnNNvZEKcJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kedtu018hk4ej
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Montefiore’s Care Management Applications team is seeking a software developer to join a collaborative applications team. This is a front-line developer role in a complex Microsoft environment. Our ideal candidate has a flexible attitude and can adjust to frequently shifting priorities. Responsibilities: Design and develop new applications and modify current systems (.Net and SQL) Work with Business Analysts to gather requirements from clients and end-users Unit test and participate in QA test planning including load and regression testing Document applications and systems and participate in design and code reviews Qualifications: 5+ years’ experience in SQL Server 2005/2008 and T-SQL Programming 2+ years experience in .NET programming skills Strong experience writing and maintaining web services in .NET or a similar object oriented language Experience creating SSIS packages Experience in designing databases schemas Strong ability to review, analyze, and re-engineer complex stored procedures and .Net code to increase speed and performance Experience with SQL Reporting Services and Crystal Reports Strong data analysis and data manipulation skills Excellent logical and analytical programming skills, demonstrated ability to find pro-active solutions Excellent troubleshooting skills and critical thinking skills Strong technology skills and understanding, with the ability to adapt to multiple platforms Strong communication skills, ability to work effectively with managers, end-users, and technical staff Experience with full SDLC, including application definition, design, development, testing, deployment and maintenance Proficiency in documentation, particularly design specifications &amp; process flow diagrams Experience with project time estimates B.S. Computer Systems/Technical Area preferred Desired skills: Knowledge of Healthcare/health insurance is a plus Experience with data transformations and EDI is a plus Department: Montefiore Information Technology Bargaining Unit: Non Union Campus: Montefiore IT Employment Status: Regular Full-Time Address: 3 Odell Plaza, Yonkers Shift: N/A Scheduled Hours: 8:30am-5pm Req ID: 55721 Equal Opportunity Employer LI-SC1-REDIRECT; SF-DICE-MIT; SF-MIT	SOFTWARE ENGINEER	Montefiore Medical Center	Yonkers	NY	Yonkers, NY	Montefiore Medical Center	Wed, 02 Sep 2015 20:51:07 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=2f6c25beaf95f90e&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1NYUZ1Yg5dpPpTnNNvZEKcJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kedtu018hk4ej
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Only open to US Citizens and able to obtain a Security Clearance. Position: Software Test Engineer Location: New York City, NY Compensation: $85,000 - $115,000 + Excellent Benefits + Paid Relocation The Client is a young, but stable and growing company who is passionate about developing leading edge products. New product development and demand for their wireless radio systems has spurred more growth. These wireless communication products are used in a wide variety of applications and industries including first responders, construction and mining, agriculture, oil and gas, US government, etc. Responsibilities: The Software Test Engineer will be responsible for software testing of wireless radio products. This includes providing special analysis required for initial software testing, quality assurance, and regression testing. Also responsible for ensuring these products meet customer and management requirements, as well as quality standards. This position involves functional automated testing, software development (C, C++, Java, PHP, Perl, Python, Shell Script, or other scripting languages), developing software test requirements, process improvement, building software test plans (regression, functional, performance and stress testing), generating test result reports, writing scripts to automate tests, building fixed and variable test platforms to facilitate repeatable and efficient software test cycle. Requirements: Bachelor?s Degree in Computer Science or a related field or equivalent experience. 3+ years of experience in functional automated testing. 3+ years of experience in software development using C/C++, Java, VB, ASP, PHP, Pearl, Python, Shell Script or similar programming languages. Developing software test requirements. Process improvement. Building software test plans (regression, functional, performance and stress testing). Generating test result reports. Writing scripts to automate tests. Building fixed and variable test platforms to facilitate repeatable and efficient software test cycle. US citizenship and able to obtain security clearance. Preferred Skills: MS Degree. Database experience including proficiency at writing and executing SQL database queries. ISO9001:2008 quality system experience. Knowledge of wireless communication and networking systems (commercial and military).	Software Test Engineer	3coast	New York	NY	New York, NY	3coast	Sat, 10 Oct 2015 00:59:51 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=cea342a1c74c51b1&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1NYUZ1Yg5dpPpTnNNvZEKcJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kedtu018hk4ej
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	MLB Advanced Media is MLB.com (The Official Site of Major League Baseball), the 30 MLB club websites, and many other highly visible and well trafficked partner properties. Since Opening Day 2001, we've been one of the largest and arguably most successful NYC-based tech/media start-ups. Our development cycle is extremely fast and it is common to have your code in production only a few days after being written. As a Software Engineer, you will help us push the boundaries of what is possible on the client. You'll work on a team of other developers alongside systems and services engineers, product developers, visual designers, and project managers. You are highly proficient in HTML, CSS, and JavaScript and appreciate the details that make a user experience exceptional and demonstrate enthusiasm for new technologies, languages, frameworks, and platforms. This position is located in Chelsea Market, New York, NY. We truly believe we offer a unique opportunity for any technologist: The opportunity to work on a bleeding edge technology stack The opportunity to work with a world-class team of Engineers The opportunity to work on award-winning and complex apps and systems The opportunity to have an influence on the innovation of products used globally by millions The opportunity to work in a highly collaborative team environment Amazing benefits including: Competitive salary with potential yearly bonus Up to 100% employer-paid Medical, Dental, and Vision Paid vacation, personal, and sick days Commuter benefits And more! Responsibilities: Implement web interfaces and applications using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript. Rapidly prototype and implement scalable, reliable, and maintainable web applications using HTML5 technologies. Enforce code quality through test driven development. Collaborate closely with other engineering, product, and marketing teams to define product requirements. Distill product requirements into design and technical specifications. Toolset: Github Enterprise – repository Bower - javascript package manager Grunt - javascript task runner Jenkins - continuous integration server Confluence - wiki collaboration JIRA - issue tracking HipChat - chat collaboration AWS Requirements: 3+ years experience building compelling web applications. Strong interest in product and user interface design. Significant experience developing web applications using HTML5, especially Javascript. Computer science/engineering degree --or-- equivalent experience is preferred. Server-side scripting in Node, Java and/or Groovy, or general Java programming is a plus. Experience using Freemarker templating is a plus 	Software Engineer, Front End Specialist	MLB Advanced Media	New York	NY	New York, NY	MLB Advanced Media	Wed, 09 Sep 2015 17:46:40 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=2a40c1e3513d31b1&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1ZiqzkJptCd7hvoxJ5Xv5qJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kee2bm1a334ec
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Description Of Duties Our client's Software Engineers are extraordinarily passionate and driven by technology. We thrive on designing simple and scalable solutions to complex problems and delivering leading edge software products for our customers. We are looking for exceptionally ambitious and communicative hands-on individuals who are comfortable working in fast-paced environments and who have passion and skills to take our product offering to the next level. Must provide examples of contributions to open source community - please provide links to GitHub account or similar Job Overview As a Software Engineer, you will work in a collaborative team environment that encourages you to perform at your best, and challenges you to engineer elegant solutions for complex business problems. You will architect, design and develop robust software systems with unit and systems testing. You will need to be able to quickly learn and use new technologies, troubleshoot difficult problems and be an expert with the software lifecycle including scoping and estimation of requirements along with writing of technical documentation. Technologies we use: Github Enterprise, Continuous Integration, Jenkins, Python, Django, Celery, Django Rest Framework, SQLAlchemy, Redis, MongoDB and vagrant. We make use of modern processes and technologies wherever possible, including Github Pull Requests for code review, continuous deployment to our test environments, strict adherence to best practices, recommended code style and layout (PEP-8) and a strong drive around unit testing all our code. This gives us the confidence and ability to make significant refactoring changes across a large codebase quickly, without fear of having broken some code somewhere else. Responsibilities Coding of SaaS applications in an Agile development environment Developing automated tests, predicting areas of risk, and coordinating with our QA staff to achieve the best blend of error prevention and error detection possible Collaborate with other developers on best practices, code reviews, internal tools and process improvements Guide, coach and mentor team members as required, assisting in the team’s skills development during software development projects Work independently; designing, developing and deploying solutions, and deliver projects on time with minimal direction Collaboration includes ongoing peer review process. Must-Haves Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or related field, or equivalent work 3-5 years' work experience &amp; desire/ability to continue learning 2+ years' experience web development with Python/Django 2+ years' experience with OOD web technology (any language) and Linux Must provide examples of contributions to open source community/GitHub Nice-To-Haves Experience with both UI &amp; backend development including one ORM technology Understanding of Web Services or ESB Experience with Apache, Jboss, or Tomcat Experience w/source control (SVN, Git, Mercurial), IDEs, &amp; defect tracking Innovative approach to development Passion for technology Ability to collaborate within and across teams Culture And Perks Our client is a dynamic, innovative technology company that revolutionized the automotive retail industry with the first online finance and credit application network in 2001. Their state-of-the-art, web-based solutions are embraced by all major segments of the automotive retailing trade including dealers, financing sources, original equipment manufacturers (OEMs), third-party retailers, agents and aftermarket providers, fueling tremendous growth. Their Software Engineers are energetic influencers who have built a world-class software platform, for auto dealers, from the ground up. We’re looking for thinkers at every stage in their career with intensity and creativity to take on the biggest challenges in our industry. Risk-taking is encouraged here, and we reward great results. Collaboration and support are woven into the fabric of everything we do; from 24-hour Hackathon groups to sprint reviews and scrum teams, you’ll be immersed in an environment that nurtures individualism, creative problem-solving, and intellect. Our client believe that their uncompromising technology and services are powered by the collaboration of our talented staff, join us in taking our product offerings to the next level. Our nearly 20 offices across North America are built around invention and innovation and include unique approaches to health and wellness, culture, and professional growth, evidenced by multiple national, state, and local awards and recognition for workplace excellence. We are committed to maintaining a culture of wellness that will help our team members thrive. Our wellness programs are designed to engage you in a variety of activities to improve your health and well-being by providing progressive benefits including: health club partial reimbursement, options for discounts on car purchases with our vendor partners, local business partnership programs and home water delivery. In addition, we have made great strides in developing location-specific programs and amenities (including fitness centers, wellness classes, training and professional development courses, nutrition-committed cafeterias, and more) that keep team members energized, engaged and doing great work. Maintaining a good work-life balance is important to us and we provide a number of programs to help you balance your work and personal life. Some of our program offerings include: alternative work arrangements, paid time off programs, tuition reimbursement, Employee Assistance Program (EAP), health advocates, company paid volunteer days, on-site massages and ping-pong! Salary Range $80,000 – $115,000 Performance Bonus $0 – $10,000, Bonus Plan Benefits Medical Ins. Vision Ins. Life Ins. Retirement Dental Ins. Job Type: Full-time Salary: $115,000.00 /year Required experience: 2+ yrs exp web dev w/ Python/Django. 2+ yrs exp w/ OOD web tech. (any language) and Linex: 2 years Required education: Bachelor's 	Software Engineer-Python	Genesis Global Management Corporation	Lake Success	NY	Lake Success, NY	Indeed	Thu, 08 Oct 2015 20:16:28 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=909aa1b302cfc394&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1ZiqzkJptCd7hvoxJ5Xv5qJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kee2bm1a334ec
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	About Audible Audible is a mission driven, highly profitable media company in hyper-growth. We're a collection of artists, designers and technologists with a love of literature, performance and the spoken word. We're the leading provider of audiobooks worldwide with a huge catalog of exclusive content and a first-class listening experience on Kindle, Android and iOS devices. We love our customers and we love our product. We're on a mission to share great stories with the world and we want you to be a part of that journey. About this opportunity Audible’s mission is to improve people’s lives by unleashing the power of spoken word content. Audible customers love to listen to great stories. Without great content, there is no Audible! Within Audible, we own systems that ingest, transform, and ultimately make that content available; what we affectionately call the content platform. Our team is hiring talented and passionate software development engineers to help deliver new and innovative features and capabilities on the platform. What are these capabilities? In a nutshell, massively scaled, automated systems that coordinate all activities required to make spoken work audio come alive and delight our customers, always to the highest standards. These system perform workflow and content management functions that ingest, transform, and ultimately make great spoken word content available in multiple global marketplaces including Amazon.*, Audible.*, and iTunes. We need customer-focused, detail oriented, innovative, and self-driven software development engineers who enjoy working in an agile, fast-paced environment on highly visible products. How does Amazon fit in? We're a part of Amazon and it's a great partnership. You'll get to use all the technology that powers the best e-commerce platform on the planet. Those technologies include but are not limited to all outwardly available AWS services. And you’ll be part of a culture that loves nothing more than to disrupt the status quo! The Challenge As an engineer on our team you'll be challenged in ways you never imagined. You will also be given opportunities to reach higher and further than you ever thought possible. The challenges will include, but not be limited to technology. This is a senior level position; hence you’ll be expected to drive architecture and design not only within the content platform but also to have influence with the consumers of our services and content, always with an understanding of industry trends and new technology. You’ll be stretched to understand what makes the business tick. How can we best serve our business stakeholders and end user customers? At Audible, you'll have as much to say about that as anyone and you will be expected to contribute on this front. Implied in this - you'll need the soft-skills too; influence and passion are key to the success of the team and the company.Oh, and also you'll have to write write great, performant code. Here are some of the key Leadership Principles we hold dear to our heart. If you feel the same way, have the passion, and meet the Basic Qualifications, we want to hear from you! * Customer Obsession: The Customer always comes first. Be prepared to always answer the question: “What is the impact of [doing something, anything] have on the customer? * Ownership: At Amazon and Audible, "Owning" means envisioning, designing, creating, building and supporting. These services need to operate with a high degree of operational excellence (we measure EVERYTHING). * Think Big: Partner with product management to imagine, design, develop, test, and launch software that wows our community and inspires our peers. * Dive Deep: Be willing to explore and learn un-prompted. Bring problems AND solutions to the table. Basic Qualifications * Solid Computer Science or equivalent experience (5+ years) * Java or equivalent OO language, familiarity with Unix/Linux environments, in depth knowledge of service development with solid experience in code optimization and low-latency computing. * Well-rounded engineering skills: full-stack development experience - web + services - If you've built something in your spare time send us the link, we'd love to hear about it. * Strong problem solving skills: adaptable, proactive and willing to take ownership. * A high-quality bar; just-enough documentation, unit testing, code reviews, test automation, continuous integration &amp; deployment and a preference for agile methods. * Great communication skills - ability to think creatively and adapt the message to the audience. Preferred Qualifications Don't worry, we'll ramp you up but experience in any of these areas will help you hit the ground running: * Dependency injection frameworks and associated techniques. * Digital encoding and Content Delivery Technologies such as Adaptive Streaming, HLS, HDS, Smooth Streaming, MPEG, AAC &amp; MP3 processing. * Content Management and/or Workflow systems. * Distributed systems, Amazon Web Services. * Automation - Continuous Integration/Deployment	Principal Software Development Engineer	Audible, Inc.	Newark	NJ	Newark, NJ	Amazon.com	Mon, 21 Sep 2015 21:57:55 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=770a844ab40750cf&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1ZiqzkJptCd7hvoxJ5Xv5qJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kee2bm1a334ec
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Smith &amp; Keller is looking for a Software Engineer that works with Ruby on Rails and Angular. It’s a tall order to fill with one of our favorite clients in Manhattan, but they are on the lookout for stand out developers. If you are on the lookout for a new position and want to join an amazing team, look no further because this is where you need to be! What You ’ll Do: Be a core member of the team that is responsible for moving our platform forward Work with latest and greatest in web and mobile web development Build Ruby on Rails applications that work at scale, utilizing PostgreSQL and Redis Get exposure to a lot of fun technologies, including Twilio, RabbitMQ, Mapbox, and Cloudinary Write code, lots of it! Who You Are: You’re an experienced (4+ years) web developer with mad coding skills, who can build innovative applications fast and with high quality You know Ruby on Rails inside out and actively follow the Rails community You’re really strong in Javascript, including in-browser web frameworks, specifically Angular.js You’re a problem solver, you strive to understand users problems and invent novel ways to reinvent the world around you You want to have fun at work, you love working with a smart and talented team, and you aren’t afraid to speak up and make yourself heard You can take ownership of a feature from idea to production, with minimal guidance and supervision What We’ll Offer: An exceptional team: our hiring bar is absurdly high and your colleagues are talented, motivated, self- starters A great office environment Full dental, medical, and vision plans Outstanding compensation: top-talent deserves top pay and our salary, equity, and benefits reflect this Fantastic perks: daily catered lunch, fully stocked kitchen, transportation stipend, gym membership, numerous learning opportunities Awesome culture all around: from continuous deployment and hackathons to game room and monthly offsite events! 	Software Engineer – Ruby and Angular	Smith & Keller	New York	NY	New York, NY	Smith & Keller	Thu, 15 Oct 2015 05:46:07 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=28038e5bfd42caa5&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1ZiqzkJptCd7hvoxJ5Xv5qJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kee2bm1a334ec
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Solid understanding of data structures and algorithms Proficient in asynchronous and concurrent programming Experience building and delivering scalable and distributed systems using various programming languages Solid understanding of various approaches to data storage and indexing Strong network programming experience Experience building and maintaining large scale distributed systems that have been successfully delivered to customers Solid understanding of test-driven development and familiarity with best-of- breed tools and technologies In-depth understanding of the Linux operating system Takes great personal pride in building robust software Strong sense of ownership Passionate about programming and computer science Enjoys working in a fast-paced environment Has excellent written and verbal communication skills Has strong customer focus Familiarity with Messaging (JMS, MQ, Solace) and caching technology Solid JavaScript programming skills Familiarity with AngularJS &amp; jQuery Experience with three or more of the following: Maven, Java, Spark, Scala, Kafka, Cassandra, Docker, Mesos, AngularJS, Bower Has an eye for design and usability Ability to generate HTML prototypes #LI-MG2 Job Requirements Requirements: Highly motivated individual with a proven track record to deliver results will possess the following: Experience supporting distributed applications running on Linux and/or Windows. Prior experience dealing with Front Office, Middle Office and Risk Management groups. Understand complex interest rates, inflation derivatives and other financial products for pricing and analytics. Exposure to Derivatives products, SWAPs, IRS, Curves and Bond Trading business. Executing queries, building Use Case Scenarios for business requests and small enhancements. Strong analytic and problem solving skills with attention to detail to ensure accuracy and completeness. Experience with applications such as Calypso, Bloomberg and Fixed Income Systems. Strong organizational, follow-up and priority-setting skills to handle multiple tasks/projects and to work independently. Strong provider of knowledgeable customer service in performing problem diagnostics towards resolution while maintaining agreed upon service levels for production availability. Solid understanding of the TD Securities business and possess knowledge of how a valuation framework would be an asset. Excellent analytic, verbal and written communication skills, combined with strong interpersonal skills will be required to work effectively while supporting other members of the team in achieving unit objectives and providing exceptional client service. Act as a first point of contact for issues/escalations during non-business hours.	Senior Software Engineer	TD Bank	New York	NY	New York, NY	TD Bank	Fri, 04 Sep 2015 23:58:58 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=52a416341cc73ec3&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1ZiqzkJptCd7hvoxJ5Xv5qJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kee2bm1a334ec
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	We are seeking exceptional technologists with advanced mathematical and statistical abilities to join the Research team as Quantitative Software Engineers. Equal parts code experts and mathematical thinkers, our quantitative software engineers bring together technical and analytical expertise to grapple with difficult computational and data-related problems directly and implement efficient and innovative solutions. Entailing a sophisticated knowledge of algorithms, statistics, and high-performance computing, this effort has attracted ACM programming competition finalists, Top Coder contenders, and other highly technical, competitive problem solvers. Quantitative software engineers are responsible for bringing our wealth of ideas to fruition by: Designing and implementing trading strategies; Building the tools and engines that bring our platforms and models to life. Requirements Include: A bachelor’s, master’s, or PhD degree in computer science, applied mathematics, or another technical discipline from a top university. Intermediate/strong programming skills (Java, C, or C++) &amp; scripting languages (Perl, Python, UNIX shell). Experience with scientific computing, algorithm development, or pattern recognition. A background or interest in building large-scale, real-time, and distributed applications is desired. Although industry knowledge or experience is preferred, we will certainly consider exceptional candidates without a background in finance. 	Quantitative Software Engineer - Campus Hire	Two Sigma Investments, LLC.	New York	NY	New York, NY	Two Sigma Investments, LLC.	Mon, 07 Sep 2015 06:07:42 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=194bb6c3b98bad85&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1ZiqzkJptCd7hvoxJ5Xv5qJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kee2bm1a334ec
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Develop and direct software system testing and validation procedures, programming, and documentation. Resolve technical issues in conjunction with team members. Confer with systems analysts, engineers, programmers and others to design system and to obtain information on project limitations and capabilities, performance requirements and interfaces. Create high quality, efficient, high performance, and reusable code. Analyze user needs and software requirements to determine feasibility of design within time and cost constraints. Design, develop and modify software systems, using scientific analysis and mathematical models to predict and measure outcome and consequences of design. REQUIREMENTS Master of Science in computer science and 2 years of .NET development and engineering experience or Bachelor of Science in computer science and 5 years of .NET development and engineering experience; Must have experience with C#, .NET, WCF, WPF, ASP.NET, SQL Server, PowerShell, MS-Build, Scrum, Agile, and WinForms. HOW TO APPLY Send resumes to: Lab49 Inc. Attn: HR 1345 6th Avenue, New York City, NY 10105	SENIOR SOFTWARE ENGINEER	Lab49	New York	NY	New York, NY	Lab49	Sat, 05 Sep 2015 06:37:43 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=16fbd29bd683582d&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1ZiqzkJptCd7hvoxJ5Xv5qJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kee2bm1a334ec
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Full Time Position Open Building Controls Software Engineer T.M. Bier &amp; Associates, Inc. is one of the largest Control Systems Engineering firms in the New York Metropolitan area. Since the industry began, TMBA has specialized in providing turnkey Building Automation Systems and energy cost reduction measures (design, installation and service) for our commercial, industrial and institutional accounts. We provide true 24/7 service to an intensely loyal customer base which has provided the nucleus for our rapid and steady growth. Join our growing and dynamic building management and security business. This position will involve: Programming and configuring Building Automation Systems in a proprietary object oriented programming language Designing user interfaces for Building Automation Systems to effectively communicate system status and feedback to the end user General PC and small-site LAN setup and maintenance Requirements: 3 years of proven hands on working experience in Software Engineering Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering or equivalent Experience with any major code-based programming languages Troubleshooting skills, attention to detail, and customer relations a must! The successful candidate must be willing to travel to client sites within the New York Metropolitan area. We offer: An Excellent Compensation Package Medical &amp; Dental Coverage Life &amp; Disability Insurance Employer Matched 401K &amp; Profit Sharing This is a great career opportunity. Visit our website at www.TMBA.com Please forward your resume with earnings history and objectives. Required experience: Software Engineering: 3 years 	Software Engineer	T.M. Bier and Associates	Glen Cove	NY	Glen Cove, NY	Indeed	Thu, 03 Sep 2015 18:35:33 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=988656b2787515b0&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1ZiqzkJptCd7hvoxJ5Xv5qJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kee2bm1a334ec
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	MoLabs is focused on building the next great mobile-first platform. To get there, we are assembling a world-class product and engineering team. MoLabs' software engineers develop the scalable, mobile-first technologies that change how users consume, explore and interact with information and the world. We're looking for engineers who bring fresh ideas from all areas, including information retrieval, distributed computing, large-scale system design, networking and data storage, security, artificial intelligence, natural language processing and UI design. We need our engineers to be versatile, display leadership qualities and be enthusiastic to tackle new problems across the full-stack. With your technical expertise you manage individual projects priorities, deadlines and deliverables. You design, develop, test, deploy, maintain, and enhance software solutions. Software Engineers have a penchant for solving complex and interesting problems. Pushing the boundaries of current mobile platforms, you will perform technological feats under constrained environments and will be presented with exciting challenges in native mobile application development. You are a software engineer who can write server-side code for web-based applications, for both internal and external use. You are comfortable and enjoy working on the full development stack - both backend and frontend. You are also a well-rounded developer who knows how to create robust high-volume production applications, and can develop prototypes quickly. The work is challenging, creative, fast paced and intellectually stimulating. Skills &amp; Requirements RESPONSIBILITIES Design, implement and launch highly-visible, user-facing features Design and develop large scale web applications using Python as well as JavaScript, CSS and HTML templates Design, develop, and enhance infrastructure primarily using Python as an object-oriented language to build a platform that everyone can use to create the channels of tomorrow. MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS BS degree in Computer Science or related technical field or equivalent practical experience Experience in Python Experience in network programming and Unix/Linux environments. PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS MS degree or PhD in Computer Science Experience in database programming Extensive experience programming in C, C++, Java and/or Python Experience in video processing and/or video streaming Experience in distributed computing, information retrieval, data mining, and machine learning Strong verbal and written communication skills, able to create strong working relationship with cross-functional teams. About MoLabs We are a group of technology executives building the world’s next great mobile-first platform. In our last venture, we raised 20MM, scaled the company from 1-100+ employees, opened multiple offices globally and delivered the second largest M&amp;A outcome in 2013 - all in less than four years. We have achieved success with a philosophy based on great people, great technology and innovative, user-focused products. We believe in having fun while working hard and we are applying this ethos to our new venture from the beginning. We look forward to telling you more about what we are working on. \	Software Engineer, Systems	MoLabs	New York	NY	New York, NY	StackOverflow Jobs	Sat, 10 Oct 2015 07:35:31 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=7b3783bd37706f68&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1ZiqzkJptCd7hvoxJ5Xv5qJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kee2bm1a334ec
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Job Description If you are an experienced Junior Software Engineer looking for a position with a leading company, Bartech can help! We are a leading staffing firm and our clients include some of the nation’s biggest companies. Our client has a need for a Analyst – Auditing / Facilities Budget – Capital &amp; Expense. This is a contract position; however it is not uncommon for assignments to transition into permanent positions with our client companies. If you have the background we are looking for, and you are interested in an opportunity to get your foot in the door with leading company, we want to talk with you! Junior Software Engineer Compensation (Hourly Range): $40-$45/hour Sizzle about job: Working for an industry leader in telecommunications. Your specific duties as a Junior Software Engineer will include: Position responsibilities include: · Junior Software Engineer Junior Software Engineer Job Requirements As a Junior Software Engineer you must represent our company well by being responsible, punctual and motivated to go above and beyond the call of duty. You must also be highly detail-oriented and organized with excellent analytic and problem-solving abilities. It is also important that you display excellent verbal and written communication and interpersonal skills. BASIC QUALIFICATIONS: · Bachelor’s degree with 4+ years of strong analysis, design, development, maintenance, and production support of an application experience using Java, JEE, XML, HTML4/5, ExtJS, Ajax, Javascript, jQuery and SQL, CTI, Spring MVC, ODWEK, ExtJS and C# · Experience in developing rich UI using Sencha ExtJS/JQuery/GWT/any UI framework · Extensive experience in Web UI framework and Web UI development which includes Usability, Page transition, page navigation, image caching, lazy page loading · Experience in Front End payload, able to make decisions on front-end validations, server side validations · Experience in end to end application flows · Familiarity with client-side tracking · Experience in using UI debugging and profiling tools · Experience in Transactional flows from Front End to Back end · Experience in cross browser platform, reverse Ajax · Experience in ExtJS and Spring MVC framework a must · Experience in developing template based UI · Experience in performance tuning the web application · Experience in development of complex multi-layer applications · Experience in working with high-available mission critical large scale web application in both Front end and back end · Experience in profiling web application · Candidate should possess strong analytical skills and be able to abstract information from existing code · Experience in development of multi-threaded application in interfacing with other systems · Experience in XML and XSLT transformation · Experience with Rational IDE tools like RSA and RAD · Experience in PL/SQL is a plus · Current knowledge of and experience with application servers such as IBM Websphere and/or apache HTTP servers · Excellent object-oriented design &amp; programming skills, including strong working knowledge and experience in using UML and design patterns, refactoring · Experience with ACCURev version control systems is a plus · Expertise in architecting applications based on business requirements · Experience in development of call center web application is a plus · Strong understanding of standard software development lifecycle methodologies · Software development ability, experience, speed, and quality · Ability to work on an Agile development environment · Interface with different departments within the organization regarding new deployments · Excellent inter-personnel communication and teaming skills Junior Software Engineer Benefits As a Junior Software Engineer with Bartech, you will be working through an established and respected staffing organization with 35 years of serving as a trusted partner to our client companies. We are dedicated to providing our talent with personal, responsive attention, and will assign an employee care representative to answer any questions or concerns that you might have. Depending upon the client, the assignment and your performance, you can find potential opportunities for direct employment. Your hard work and professional dedication will be rewarded with competitive compensation, including benefits. Available benefits for Junior Software Engineer position include (but are not limited to: · Exceptional medical, dental, and vision · 401(k) · Paid time off, including holidays · Life and disability insurance Make the most of your experience! Apply now! Applicant must be eligible to work in the US for immediate opening. Sr. Staff Manufacturing Engineer Keywords: Java/J2EE/HTML 5/Ajax/Spring MVC 	Junior Software Engineer	Bartech Group	Piscataway	NJ	Piscataway, NJ	Bartech Group	Tue, 27 Oct 2015 21:05:08 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=44270708f311bd8c&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1ZiqzkJptCd7hvoxJ5Xv5qJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kee2bm1a334ec
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	We are building a small team of ninja developers to spearhead the development of a new live streaming platform at a global scale. As the Android software engineer, you’ll get to work on products that create new experiences and deﬁnes categories, affecting millions of people around the world. You will collaborate with other developers brainstorming innovative solutions across disciplines to bring the most delightful and funs apps to life. You should be comfortable with Java and have extensive knowledge of Android development techniques and practices. Responsibilities: Design and implement the next generation of our mobile app, integrating into wireless wearable devices, live video streaming and more, solving for some complex problems in Android environment. You will work with and supervise a remote team of developers while focusing on the core elements of the mobile stack. Skills &amp; Requirements Minimum qualiﬁcations BS degree in Computer Science or a similar technical ﬁeld of study, or equivalent practical experience. Software development experience in Java using Android frameworks (‘native’) Working proﬁciency and communication skills in verbal and written English. Preferred qualiﬁcations Experience with one or more general purpose programming languages and in speciﬁc JavaScript. Experience working with video in a mobile app environment Knowledge of the Android SDKs and performance optimization techniques. Enthusiasm around working in a high pace environment, self motivated and driven in cracking complex problems and getting things done. Please send resume and portfolio. A sample app or demo video of an app you have developed is ideal. About iON America, LLC This company is an innovative and growing leader in consumer electronics hardware, firmware, software, and apps. The company sells its products all around the world. Started just a few years ago, the company is growing quickly and needs to add a new member to its growing development team. \	Android Software Engineer	iON America, LLC	New York	NY	New York, NY	StackOverflow Jobs	Tue, 20 Oct 2015 02:15:17 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=754d318fed8dc77d&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1ZiqzkJptCd7hvoxJ5Xv5qJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kee2bm1a334ec
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Senior PHP Developer Location: New York, NY Role Description: We are looking for top-notch software developers to lead the evolution of our pioneering social media management platform. Join our team in the development of new products and infrastructure to support the latest social enterprise initiatives. Your responsibilities: •Architect and build highly scalable web-based applications through all phases of the development lifecycle (initial designs to production deployments); •Enhance our PHP-based platform to provide content discovery, reporting, and delivery services for a wide array of social networks; •Involvement in all steps of the development process, including analysis, design, testing, documentation and implementation; •Develop and test software components using current industry tools and processes; and •Sub-system owner during project design, development, and post-deployment phases. Accountable for supporting software components and services in both non-production and production environments Minimal Requirements: • Solid understanding and working application of object-oriented principles and concepts; •Solid understanding and working application of architecture, design and development concepts and best practices; •Experience in PHP development using a modern application framework such as Symfony2; •Experience working in an agile development shop with continuous integration as core value; •A desire to automate repetitive tasks •Motivated self-starter with the ability and drive to perform in a fast-paced start-up environment, with multiple tasks, deadlines and changing priorities; •Demonstrated ability to learn new technologies quickly and efficiently; and •A well-developed sense of humor Working knowledge of the following are considered strong assets: •PHP, Symfony2, Doctrine; •Backbone.js; •RESTful APIs; •MySQL, JDBC, SQL; •Git; •Jenkins; •Scrum •Splunk; •AppDynamics; •Redis; •RabbitMQ; •Performance and Memory Tuning Salesforce, the Customer Success Platform and world's #1 CRM, empowers companies to connect with their customers in a whole new way. We are the fastest growing of the top 10 enterprise software companies, the World’s Most Innovative Company according to Forbes, and one of Fortune’s 100 Best Companies to Work For six years running. The growth, innovation, and Aloha spirit of Salesforce are driven by our incredible employees who thrive on delivering success for our customers while also finding time to give back through our 1/1/1 model, which leverages 1% of our time, equity, and product to improve communities around the world. Salesforce is a team sport, and we play to win. Join us! *LI-Y *LI-CW1 	Senior Software Engineer	Salesforce	New York	NY	New York, NY	Salesforce	Wed, 09 Sep 2015 01:39:27 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=c34f2532c3e73706&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1ZiqzkJptCd7hvoxJ5Xv5qJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kee2bm1a334ec
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Job Title: Software Engineer - Risk &amp; Security Consultant Location: New York, NY Firm Overview: Blackstone is one of the world’s leading investment and advisory firms. We seek to create positive economic impact and long-term value for our investors, the companies we invest in, the companies we advise and the broader global economy. We do this through the commitment of our extraordinary people and flexible capital. Our asset management businesses, with over $330 billion in assets under management, include investment vehicles focused on private equity, real estate, hedge fund solutions, non-investment grade credit, secondary funds, and multi asset class exposures falling outside of other funds’ mandates. Blackstone also provides various financial advisory services, including financial and strategic advisory, restructuring and reorganization advisory and fund placement services. Further information is available at www.blackstone.com . Follow us on Twitter @Blackstone . Risk and Security: Blackstone has a dedicated team that works across the firm to properly balance security with convenience, believing that securing the firm requires a total team effort. Since information risk and security is 75% about people and process and 25% about technology, the team is dedicated to creating business value through security solutions. User training/awareness programs, development of governance models, transparent metrics, industry leading technologies and innovative approaches are part of Blackstone’s world class information risk and security. Job Description &amp; Responsibilities: As a full stack software engineer, you’ll develop innovative technologies that are changing the Alternative Asset Management industry. You’ll work with other engineers and business analysts to design, build, deploy, and support the core of Blackstone Innovation's suite of applications. You’ll tackle a variety of problems ranging from optimizing data retrieval performance to scaling out infrastructure or bringing complex systems together. You’ll devise elegant solutions to Blackstone's most important problems, and put your own best ideas to work in an entrepreneurial environment inside one of the world's most successful companies. Develop services, systems and tools using mostly C#, ASP.NET MVC and SQL Server Lead and participate in technical, design and operations reviews throughout the development cycle Identify areas of the business which could be streamlined through the application of technology Build and share reusable components Automate everything Grow the team by sharing your specialized skills Qualifications: Blackstone seeks to hire individuals who are highly motivated, intelligent and have demonstrated excellence in prior endeavors. Qualified candidates will possess: A B.S. in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or similar A desire to learn and adapt to new technologies A self-starting, entrepreneurial attitude Object-oriented programming experience in any language A desire to keep improving Pluses include experience with JavaScript / JavaScript frameworks (jQuery, underscore, knockout, d3) CSS / SASS / Coffee Source control Database technologies .NET / C# / ASP.NET All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, disability, sexual orientation, national origin or any other category protected by law.	Software Engineer - Risk & Security Consultant	Blackstone	New York	NY	New York, NY	Blackstone	Thu, 10 Sep 2015 00:30:54 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=a0e2c1bfaeebc5c6&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1ZiqzkJptCd7hvoxJ5Xv5qJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kee2bm1a334ec
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Job Description Job Description We are looking for an entry level software programmer. The Candidates who are in CPT /OPT or any Engineering/Sciences or all eligible to work in the US are encouraged to apply. National Software Management allows us to focus on providing you with the most flexible, cost-effective technology solutions crucial to sustaining your competitive advantage in this increasingly complex marketplace. We deliver the strategies, personnel, tools and resources that enable you to succeed. Requirements: Basic understanding of software development principles Good analytical and problem solving abilities Knowledge of any programming i.e C, C++, Java etc Basic understanding of Sql, C#, .NET, JAVA, Java Script. Must be a team player with excellent communication and problem solving skills and have experience working with customers across teams. Qualifications null Additional Information All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines.	Entry level Software Engineer	NDDSystem llc	New York	NY	New York, NY	NDDSystem llc	Tue, 15 Sep 2015 15:54:06 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=38ce2c4821d28522&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1ZiqzkJptCd7hvoxJ5Xv5qJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kee2bm1a334ec
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	About Manhattan Associates Manhattan designs, builds and delivers market-leading Supply Chain Commerce solutions for its customers around the world. We help drive the commerce revolution with unmatched insight and unrivaled technology, connecting front-end revenue and relationships with back-end execution and efficiency—optimized on a common technology platform. This platform-based approach is enabling leading companies across the globe to get closer to their customers and achieve real-world results. Manhattan Associates is looking for Principal Software Engineer for our POS solutions with experience in building distributed and highly scalable software solutions. We are looking for someone who demonstrates passion and ownership by embracing all aspects of software development: analysis, development, testing and deployment. Also you take pride in software craftsmanship, diving deep into code and constantly innovating. The Responsibilities of the Principal Software Engineer: • Develop large-scale, multi-tier, distributed software products • Build resilient and cloud ready solutions • Be responsible for the quality of software; we believe quality is responsibility of the developer • Develops detailed design specifications for multiple areas of a software system and/or responsible for the design and implementation of frameworks and toolkits to be used across multiple solutions • Becomes familiar with all dependencies, interfaces and services required by most areas of the software system • Determines optimal and efficient designs for multiple areas of the software system • Develops and unit tests assigned software areas following R&amp;D development processes • Estimates and plans own work and the work of others in the group • Becomes the resident expert across multiple areas of the system • Evaluates software (or configuration) issues with many areas of the system and resolves them in a timely manner • Implements changes to system assuring the changes do not introduce new issues • Keeps abreast of improvements in software techniques and develop some improvements on your own • Facilitates technology and skills knowledge transfer within the team and beyond • Documents all work Position Requirements • Bachelor’s or foreign equivalent degree in computer science, engineering or a related technical field • 5 years of experience developing, supporting or implementing application software • 3 years of experience developing with Oracle or DB2 databases • 5 years of experience developing with C++ or Java • 5 years of experience working in Linux or UNIX operating systems • 3 years of experience utilizing WebSphere, JBoss, or WebLogic application servers • Experience developing with Spring, JEE, JSP, or JSF frameworks • Experience in building REST services • Experience working with Agile, Lean and/or Continuous Delivery approaches and best practices, such as Extreme Programming (XP). Manhattan Associates is at the forefront of the most innovative technologies, in a business casual environment that provides plenty of opportunity for growth. We pride ourselves on promoting a culture that encourages open minds, fosters superior communication and creates new possibilities. Manhattan Associates is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or status as a veteran. In the United States, Manhattan Associates participates in the Employment Eligibility Verification Program (E-Verify) operated by the Department of Homeland Security in partnership with the Social Security Administration. Participation in the E-Verify Program allows Manhattan Associates to confirm the employment eligibility of all newly hired employees after the Employment Eligibility Verification Form (Form I-9) has been completed. *LI-MH1 #CB	Principal Software Engineer	Manhattan Associates	Piscataway	NJ	Piscataway, NJ	Manhattan Associates	Tue, 06 Oct 2015 14:08:31 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=0e9067c8b75789dd&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1ZiqzkJptCd7hvoxJ5Xv5qJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kee2bm1a334ec
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	FactSet Software Engineers are self-motivated, articulate, highly-skilled professionals. They design and implement applications, databases, and systems, having responsibility for all phases of development. They work closely with other departments to ensure that FactSet’s products and technologies are extremely responsive to the changing needs of the investment community. Our hands-off management style encourages developers to take initiative to complete projects, manage multiple tasks, and set their own day-to-day priorities. Following training, the Software Engineer has immediate opportunities for creative software development. Whether it’s enhancing existing systems or creating groundbreaking new facets to the service, FactSet engineers continually contribute to the success of the company. Engineering opportunities exist in the Norwalk, CT; New York, NY; Austin, TX; Boston, MA; San Francisco, CA and Chicago, IL offices. To find out more about the opportunities FactSet has to offer you, please visit us at http://www.factset.com/careers . Job Requirements : BS or MS degree in Computer Science (or equivalent) Experience programming with C++ or another OOP language (Java, C#, etc.) Desire to both design and implement superior software Desirable experience in any of the following focus areas: Strong C/C++ generic programming skills, including STL, boost Web 2.0 development knowledge, particularly Javascript Experience with scripting languages such as Perl and Python Win32, MFC, and Visual Studio, COM, ATL Excellent understanding of OS, kernel and CPU architectures Unix, Windows or VMS system programming environments Low level network programming (Threads, Sockets, etc.) Working with and managing a large code base Programming in a multi-threaded, distributed environment FactSet is a financial data and software company headquartered in Norwalk, Connecticut with offices in 35 locations worldwide. As of March 17, 2015, annual subscription value reached $1.005 billion, and headcount passed 6,900. FactSet has been publicly traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol FDS since 1996 and on NASDAQ under the same symbol since 2009. Once again this year, FactSet is listed as one of FORTUNE’s “100 Best Places to Work” and one of Forbes’ “200 Best Small Companies.” FactSet Research Systems Inc. is an E-Verify participant and EOE/M/F/D/V Employer which strongly supports diversity in the workforce. Equal Opportunity Employment Policy It is the policy of FactSet Research Systems Inc. ("FactSet") to provide equal employment and advancement opportunities to all qualified employees and applicants for employment regardless of their race, color, religion, sex, age, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, physical or mental disability, genetic information, protected veteran status, pregnancy, military or military reserve obligations, or any other class or status protected by law. This policy applies to all policies and procedures related to recruitment, hiring, training, promotion, compensation, benefits, transfer, discharge, and other terms and conditions of employment. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability or protected veteran status. If you have questions concerning this policy, please contact the Human Resources department at +1 (203) 810-1000 .	US Campus - Software Engineer	FactSet Research Systems	New York	NY	New York, NY	FactSet Research Systems	Wed, 09 Sep 2015 00:42:01 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=71dfb7480da24eca&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1ZiqzkJptCd7hvoxJ5Xv5qJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kee2bm1a334ec
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Role &amp; Responsibilities: Oracle/Java Software Engineer for the global Equities Transactional Data program. Provide database design and development leadership on existing production databases as well as new initiatives. As an individual contributor, manage project deliverables in a matrix’ed global team of BAs and Developers. As required, take on data business analysis tasks to ensure execution stays on track and business outcomes are met. Ensure production DB applications are monitored and managed. Provide a pragmatic approach to solving for data requirements for the equities business and meet time-to-market critical deliverables. Skills &amp; Qualifications: 4-6 years experience in Financial Services, preferably Equity Trading. Hands on technical expert with Oracle (db design, PL/SQL, packages, performance tuning, process design, etc.). Proficient and hands on in JAVA, J2EE, JMS, JDBC, Spring, design patterns, patterns, shell scripts, Perl. Organized, structured, strong attention to detail with demonstrable ability to break down complex problems into phased deliverables. Ability to communicate effectively with stakeholders and clients. Proficiency in data management areas such as data sourcing, data profiling, data analysis, etc. Ability to build good relationships &amp; partnership models; Ability to manage deliverables of global team. The candidate must be flexible and comfortable in an international environment/matrix organization with diverse senior stakeholders at different levels of the organization. Bachelors in Computer Science or related discipline or unrelated Bachelors with Professional Certification/Masters in IT. Equal Opportunity Employer: Race, Color, Religion, Sex, Sexual Orientation, Gender Identity, National Origin, Age, Genetic Information, Disability, Protected Veteran Status, or any other legally protected group status.	Java / Oracle Software Engineer AVP	Randstad Technologies	New York	NY	New York, NY	Randstad Technologies	Mon, 05 Oct 2015 16:12:31 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=cd54d8c17beb62e5&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1ZiqzkJptCd7hvoxJ5Xv5qJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kee2bm1a334ec
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Software Engineer - Back End Do you love Uber and want to bring it to the next level? Do you know how to build platforms and have ideas on how we can continue to improve the service for users around the world? WE'RE LOOKING FOR Fast learners. We’re looking for software engineers who thrive on learning new technologies and don’t believe in one-size-fits-all solutions. You should be able to adapt easily to meet the needs of our massive growth and rapidly evolving business environment. Fearlessness. You think a working proof-of-concept is the best way to make a point. You strive on proving that speed and quality are not conflicting; that you can achieve both at the same time. Versatility. In addition to having an intimate knowledge of the API and service layers, you understand how all the pieces fit together (frontend, database, network layer, etc.) and how they impact the performance of your application. Strong architecture chops. You know how to build highly scalable, robust, and fault-tolerant services that support our unique rate-of-growth requirements. You stay up-to-date with the latest architectural trends. Passion. You feel ownership over everything you ship. You'd never call code "released" until you’re confident it’s correct. You pride yourself on efficient monitoring, strong documentation, and proper test coverage. A team player. You believe that you can achieve more on a team—that the whole is greater than the sum of its parts. You rely on others' candid feedback for continuous improvement. Design and business acumen. You understand requirements beyond the written word. Whether you’re working on an API used by other developers, an internal tool consumed by our operation teams, or a feature used by millions of customers, your attention to details leads to a delightful user experience. TEAMS Core Services build and maintain Uber's platforms and business layer to enable product engineering teams to move at tremendous speed. These services expose internal APIs for operating on core objects, like drivers, riders and vehicles, processing billions in transactions, facilitating rider-driver comms, and ensuring quality and safety on the roads. Uber Everything will collapse the time and distance between everyone and everything they want. Initially, we’re focusing on UberEATS (on-demand food in 10 minutes or less) and UberRush (quickly moving everything around the world), but, as the team grows, we will be building the next generation of Uber’s logistics platform. Define Uber’s future by building it with us. PERKS Be showered with Uber credits each month Beautiful new office in Chelsea Delicious catered lunches Sharp, motivated co-workers in a fun office environment Unlimited vacation policy so you can work hard and take time when you need it COMPENSATION Competitive salary Equity compensation plan 401(k) Generous medical, dental and vision coverage to fit your needs Gym reimbursement Help us make transportation so available and affordable that private ownership of automobiles becomes a relic of the past. Reinvent logistics to create a world where everything can be delivered on-demand. Don't you want a job where you can move atoms, not just bits?	Software Engineer - Back End (New York)	Uber Technologies	New York	NY	New York, NY	Uber	Fri, 11 Sep 2015 05:47:22 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=2e5c914f4ce80787&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1ZiqzkJptCd7hvoxJ5Xv5qJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kee2bm1a334ec
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Job Description NewsCred has always had a clear social mission – to help the journalism industry survive by building the world’s first content ecosystem and disrupting the status quo. How are we doing that? By building a revolutionary technology platform for all of the world’s content. Filtering, streaming and organizing millions of articles a day, in real-time. That’s a lot of data, a lot of content and a lot of opportunity to build something amazing. Join a brilliant, fun team of engineers that are solving big problems every day. NewsCred is looking for a Full Stack Software Engineer with the technical skills and talent to navigate our entire stack, solving interesting and challenging problems along the way. Whether you’re: improving our search infrastructure using the latest techniques in information retrieval and natural language processing, or analyzing terabytes of usage logs to discover what content performs best for our customers, or building a revolutionary content consumption UX, you will play a key role in all parts of the product lifecycle: brainstorming, design, prototyping, planning, implementation, and launch. Individuals that succeed at NewsCred are intelligent, highly motivated, fearless team players with great senses of humor. They proven self-starters and quick learners. You will write lots of code that solves both visual and technical challenges, delivering high impact solutions to our customers around the world. The Stack We’re not dogmatic about specific technologies but here’s a list of some of the stuff we’re using: Python Solr Django AngularJS MySQL MongoDB Ansible The Team The engineering team at NewsCred consists of some of the most brilliant, considerate, and fun-loving people you’ll ever meet. We're highly selective; we seek people who can contribute and share in the success and happiness of our team. We organize ourselves into small, autonomous teams that are as self-sufficient and independent as possible. This allows us to maintain our scrappy, entrepreneurial culture as we grow About You You love creating software so much that it’s disconcerting to your family and friends. The idea of game night and free lunch sound fun. You find few things as satisfying as reading and writing beautiful code and you plan on pushing some code on your first day. You’re irresistibly curious about the latest emerging technologies. You may or may not have a computer science degree. Qualifications Qualification Requirements BS in Computer Science or equivalent practical experience. 3+ years developing robust databases and application back-ends. Development experience in any of the following: Python, Django, AngularJS, Node.js Comfortable working in a fast paced, ever changing environment. Has experience with build and deployment engineering processes and approaches. NewsCred is an Equal Opportunity Employer Additional Information What we can offer you! Best in class compensation plans Great benefits, including medical, vision and dental Generous vacation policy Huge variety of snacks and drinks, catered lunches and happy hours Training and career development Chosen as one of Crain’s Best Places to Work in 2014 Please let us know why you are interested in this position by including a cover letter with your application. All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines. Please, no third-party resumes for this role. Candidates submitted by agencies will not be reviewed.	Full Stack Software Engineer	NewsCred	New York	NY	New York, NY	NewsCred	Tue, 15 Sep 2015 15:54:18 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=cd9c6f66d8f86039&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1ZiqzkJptCd7hvoxJ5Xv5qJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kee2bm1a334ec
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	We are seeking a diverse set of software engineers to grow the team responsible for software engineering productivity. You will tap into your coding skills to tackle the following challenges: Overhauling the tools we use to review, build, test, package, and release our software; Collaborating with engineers, testers, analysts, and system administrators; Leveraging your experience to effectively improve and automate the procedures that make up Two Sigma’s development iterations. Requirements Include: A bachelor’s degree in a technical or scientific discipline. Excellent programming skills. Good knowledge of UNIX and Linux. A passion for understanding and working with large-scale distributed systems. Additional Preferred Qualifications: Experience with any of the following is a plus, but is not required to apply. Mainstream compiled languages (e.g. Java, C#, C++, C). Scripting languages (e.g. Python, Ruby, Perl). Test automation (e.g. *Unit and mocking frameworks). Continuous build infrastructures (e.g. Jenkins, TeamCity, Hudson). Version control systems (e.g. git, Mercurial, SVN, Perforce). Package systems (e.g. rpm, dpkg, portage). Build tools (e.g. Ant, Maven, GNU make, cmake). 	Software Engineer, Tools	Two Sigma Investments, LLC.	New York	NY	New York, NY	Two Sigma Investments, LLC.	Mon, 07 Sep 2015 06:06:48 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=f6cbcf226035d4f4&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1ZiqzkJptCd7hvoxJ5Xv5qJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kee2bm1a334ec
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	The Software Engineer works within a group of developers. Key responsibilities include design and implementation of system components under supervision of a technical lead. Senior Software Engineer assists in maintenance and upgrades of existing software and provides triage, debugging and code fixes. H1B Visa candidates welcome to apply Bachelors Degree in computer science, or a related discipline, and 3 or more years of related full-time experience. Three or more years of full-time experience in J2EE software development (including Java, JSP, Struts, JavaScript, XML,XSLT, HTML, JDBC, JPA technologies as well as related frameworks and design patterns). Three or more years of Oracle PL/SQL experience including SQL and database object creation and maintenance as well as general knowledge of other DBMS systems. Experience with Source Control Systems (Perforce), IDEs (IDEA, Eclipse) Excellent oral and written communications skills. Experience with large, complex databases (1,000+ tables).	Software Engineer	ESG Inc	Edison	NJ	Edison, NJ	CareerBuilder	Thu, 05 Nov 2015 22:28:11 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=0fcc712599558475&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1ZiqzkJptCd7hvoxJ5Xv5qJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kee2bm1a334ec
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	A FT position at Top 30 technical startup software firm specializing in video player development. Pay Options FT Employee. Contact Ena. call (212) 616-4800 ext.390 or email enasans.com with the Job Code EB29062 or Click the Apply Now button (). Location NYC. Between 130,000 - 150,000 per year 100 paid medical benefits starting day 1 - entire premium paid by company Unlimited vacation days Provide food, games, open bar Collaborative, fun environment Rated one of the Top 30 tech companies to work for in New York City Detailed Info Venture-funded, online video software company centrally located in Manhattan. Our team culture allows you to manage your own timelines and projects while being a part of the fastest growing tech industry-online video. Our flagship product is deployed on over 2 million websites and streams billions of videos each month. It is used by a diverse group of publishers, ranging from Fortune 500 companies to individual bloggers. We are looking for a talented Software Engineers with extensive JavaScript or Python experience to join our rapidly growing team in our NYC headquarters. Good to have strong relation to database skills (MySQL, Oracle, or SQL Server). In this role, you will Work as part of a scrum team in an agile environment Build and maintain the Platform architecture, from our static Angular frontend through to our RESTful Python API Develop new commercial features from our Product Backlog Prototype new ideas and explore new solutions to the growing list of challenges the Platform team is responsible for DevelopmentComputing Environment Expert-level understanding of Python and JavaScript Strong relational database skills (MySQL a plus) Smart, and able to get things done BS in Computer Science or related field Bonus Points Experience with data-binding JavaScript frameworks (we use Angular.js) Familiarity building eCommerce platforms Comfortable in a fast-paced Agile environment Continuous delivery, test automation. PYTHON, JAVASCRIPT, MYSQL, ANGULARJS. Pluses: ECOMMERCE, AGILE	JavaScript or Python Software Engineer	SANS Consulting Services, Inc	New York	NY	New York, NY	Dice	Sat, 17 Oct 2015 00:21:42 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=f0c9073545f1e39a&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1ZiqzkJptCd7hvoxJ5Xv5qJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kee2bm1a334ec
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	At Dataminr, we are looking for dedicated software engineers to help us sort, analyze and deliver relevant information from terabytes of unstructured data in the social media space. We strive for strong abstractions that allow for fast iteration, easy integration and short development cycles, allowing us to constantly learn from our data and empowering our clients to apply these insights toward product enhancements. Skills &amp; Requirements B.S/M.S./PhD. in Computer Science or related fields Experience in handling or analyzing large volumes of data Experience with distributed data processing systems, such as Hadoop/MapReduce, Hive, Pig and SQL/NoSQL databases Extensive experience in Java or C++ and experience with scripting languages Excellent knowledge of data structures, algorithms and design patterns Ability to solve open-ended problems in an elegant, scalable manner Ability to pay close attention to detail and display a high standard for accuracy and responsiveness Excellent verbal and written communication skills Self-motivation and an ability to handle multiple competing priorities in a fast-paced environment Ability to work both independently and collaboratively within a team About Dataminr Dataminr is the leading real-time information discovery company for enterprise clients. Dataminr transforms the public Twitter stream into actionable alerts, identifying the most relevant information in real-time for clients in Finance, News and the Public Sector. Using powerful, proprietary algorithms, Dataminr instantly analyzes all public tweets and delivers the earliest warning for breaking news, real-world events, off-the-radar content and emerging trends. Dataminr clients receive information first, ahead of traditional sources. Dataminr was founded in 2009 and is headquartered in New York, NY, with satellite offices in Washington, DC and Bozeman, MT. Dataminr is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. Individuals seeking employment at Dataminr are considered without regards to race, sex, color, creed, religion, national origin, age, disability, genetics, marital status, pregnancy, unemployment status, sexual orientation, citizenship status or veteran status. \	Software Engineer In Data	Dataminr	New York	NY	New York, NY	StackOverflow Jobs	Tue, 20 Oct 2015 08:23:22 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=e66de0ebb6e8bf37&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1ZiqzkJptCd7hvoxJ5Xv5qJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kee2bm1a334ec
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Eager and experienced engineers are encouraged to apply for this position on our highly motivated QA team, producing business-critical software on tight deadlines and making an essential contribution to the quality of Two Sigma's systems. Our engineers are responsible for: Implementing, maintaining and expanding our sophisticated automated test framework; Engineering the reduction of time to release; Significantly increasing test coverage. Requirements Include: A bachelor's degree in computer science or an engineering discipline. At minimum, 2-5 years of professional work experience in a Linux/Unix environment, using various programming languages (Java, Python, JavaScript, Groovy). A passion for quality assurance, code quality and testing. Demonstrated experience working with automated testing infrastructure and procedures for distributed and real-time systems. Outstanding analytical and organization skills, and a team spirit. An insatiable appetite for verifying software correctness. 	Software Engineer in Test	Two Sigma Investments, LLC.	New York	NY	New York, NY	Two Sigma Investments, LLC.	Mon, 07 Sep 2015 06:06:38 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=76a24f0f6b68cc51&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1ZiqzkJptCd7hvoxJ5Xv5qJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kee2bm1a334ec
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	SUMMARY: Mycroft is looking for a tech savvy individual interested in venturing into a new career. Must be passionate about computers regardless if you have corporate or enterprise experience. We’re looking for someone who enjoys spending most of their day on the computer and enjoys learning. We will train you on everything you need to know for the job, but you must have knowledge/experience with at least half of the following: • Troubleshoot problems efficiently • Ability to adapt to new environments • Basic client side network troubleshooting • Ability to navigate around a Linux environment • Database knowledge • Understand basic network communication • Solid knowledge of Active Directory and Unix • Technical writing skills to document solution designs preferred • Understand web servers • SSH/Putty • Java experience a plus • Experience in writing SQLs and stored procedures a plus • LDAP experience a plus • Excellent communication skills About Us Mycroft Inc. is the innovation leader in delivering IT security, identity, access management and regulatory compliance solutions leveraging over 20 years of unmatched professional services experience across all major vendor technologies. Focused on the strategy, design, configuration, implementation and management of its solutions, the company seamlessly integrates software and deep professional services expertise to provide fully managed cloud-based, hosted and on-premise deployments. Mycroft XSpectra, the company’s most recent innovation, further solidifies the company’s commitment to bringing cutting edge IT security services to market that enable business agility, flexibility and cost efficiencies across organizations of all sizes. Mycroft has service centers in New York, St. Louis, and Detroit. Mycroft Offers Competitive Compensation and Robust Benefits Including: • Medical, Dental, Vision, Life Insurance, Short/Long Term Disability, Flexible Spending Account Plans • Competitive Wages and Outstanding Incentives • 401K with Matching • Paid Vacations &amp; Holidays • Growth &amp; Training Opportunities • Casual work environment Mycroft is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer. M/F/D/V.	Software Engineer	Mycroft	New York	NY	New York, NY	Mycroft	Sat, 05 Sep 2015 10:12:54 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=2856b6703d445516&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1ZiqzkJptCd7hvoxJ5Xv5qJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kee2bm1a334ec
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	MoLabs is focused on building the next great mobile-first platform. To get there, we are assembling a world-class product and engineering team. MoLabs' software engineers develop the scalable, mobile-first technologies that change how users consume, explore and interact with information and the world. We're looking for engineers who bring fresh ideas from all areas, including information retrieval, distributed computing, large-scale system design, networking and data storage, security, artificial intelligence, natural language processing and UI design. We need our engineers to be versatile, display leadership qualities and be enthusiastic to tackle new problems across the full-stack. With your technical expertise you manage individual projects priorities, deadlines and deliverables. You design, develop, test, deploy, maintain, and enhance software solutions. Software Engineers have a penchant for solving complex and interesting problems. Pushing the boundaries of current mobile platforms, you will perform technological feats under constrained environments and will be presented with exciting challenges in native mobile application development. Our Software Engineers in Mobile Applications work on many projects that carry varying responsibilities. You will build MoLabs products for either Android or iOS. If you are an Android Developer, you will develop applications primarily in Java and using the Android SDK. If you are an iOS Developer, you will develop applications and SDKs primarily in Swift or Objective-C and using the iOS SDK. Skills &amp; Requirements RESPONSIBILITIES Manage individual projects priorities, deadlines and deliverables Design, develop, test, deploy, maintain, and enhance software solutions MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS BA/BS in Computer Science or related technical field or equivalent practical experience 1 year relevant work experience Programming experience in Java, Swift or Objective-C Experience in mobile application development PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS Programming experience in either Java, Swift or Objective-C Deep technical knowledge of mobile application development (either Android or iOS) Knowledge of UI frameworks (either Android, iOS, XML), MVP application design and complex, reactive touch based UI Solid foundation in computer science, with strong competencies in data structures, algorithms and software design optimized for embedded systems. About MoLabs We are a group of technology executives building the world’s next great mobile-first platform. In our last venture, we raised 20MM, scaled the company from 1-100+ employees, opened multiple offices globally and delivered the second largest M&amp;A outcome in 2013 - all in less than four years. We have achieved success with a philosophy based on great people, great technology and innovative, user-focused products. We believe in having fun while working hard and we are applying this ethos to our new venture from the beginning. We look forward to telling you more about what we are working on. \	Software Engineer, Mobile	MoLabs	New York	NY	New York, NY	StackOverflow Jobs	Sat, 10 Oct 2015 07:35:33 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=0790515673a90841&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2f5UJpniHyY0aNQMQlgR7TJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kee7dt18e85ti
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	DigitalOcean is on a mission to simplify cloud infrastructure for the millions of software developers around the world. Engineers at DigitalOcean have a direct impact on the cloud technology that their peers in the developer community leverage every day. This is a unique opportunity to join a rapidly growing company that is striving to build something meaningful and delightful for the engineering community. We are looking for an experienced front-end engineer who shares our passion for making complex applications appear simple for our customers. We’ll give you the freedom to do what you do best, so you should feel comfortable owning your work from start to finish, as well as bringing fresh ideas to the table that can make our product, development experience, and team better. You’ll have the opportunity to work closely with designers, product managers, and other engineers across the stack to make ideas a reality. Ultimately, we’re looking for someone passionate about creating products that you and your peers would love. --------------------- What You'll Be Doing: --------------------- Development for our cloud control panel (currently being built in Ember with a Rails-based API) Building new, efficient, and scalable front-end applications that will interface with public and internal APIs Writing clean, maintainable, and testable code -------------------------------- What We'll Expect From You: -------------------------------- Experience writing, and working with, “vanilla” JavaScript Proven experience building and deploying single-page applications at scale Experience with JavaScript application frameworks, but ability to think outside the framework Experience with test-driven development Bonus: Experience with Ruby on Rails -------------------- Technologies we use: -------------------- JavaScript: We’re using Ember moving forward, but historically we’ve used React and jQuery; we also like Babel and Webpack when we have a chance to use them Sass: We have an internal style guide written in Sass by our Product Design team but there’s always more styling to be done Ruby: The cloud control panel is currently a Rails app, but we’re making it more and more of just an API for our JS apps everyday! ------------------------ Working at DigitalOcean: ------------------------ DigitalOcean pays 100% of the premium for health, dental and vision and 50% of the premium for dependents Competitive compensation including a 401k with up to 4% employer match Flexible vacation time Stock options Corporate Seamless account to keep your hunger at bay Monthly commuter expense and gym membership allowance Great office space located in the heart of SoHo 	Software Engineer: Front-End	DigitalOcean	New York	NY	New York, NY	DigitalOcean	Mon, 14 Sep 2015 20:49:52 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=376c47c80f3ebd03&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2f5UJpniHyY0aNQMQlgR7TJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kee7dt18e85ti
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Hiring Group: Corporate Technology / Back Office App Developer Position : Software Engineer - Back Office Developer Duration : Permanent Location: 666 5th Avenue, New York, NY Qualifications/Skills Required Good problem solving and analytic skills Experience with capital markets concepts and operational structure Proven ability to thrive in a dynamic, fast-paced environment Self-starter, energetic, independent work ethic Strong written and verbal communication skills 5+ years of hands on programming experience with an understand of: Object Oriented Programming Design patterns ORMs Concurrency SOLID principals Hands-on .NET experience, including, but not limited to: ASP.NET MVC ASP.NET WEB API WCF WPF Experience with Microsoft BI tools: SSIS SSRS SSAS Hands-on Javascript experience, including, but not limited to: JQuery Ember/Angular/Backbone/Knockout Experience with enterprises databases, including by not limited to: Sybase MS SQL Server Oracle Principal Responsibilities Design, Implement and Support new Back Office applications and solutions for a global organization Enhancement of existing applications in the Back Office space Design and development of financial services applications following Agile and continuous delivery practices Work closely with business users and analysts to create solutions Interested parties, please submit resume and interested letter with required years of experience and well as the required skills for consideration. Job Type: Full-time Local candidates only: New York, NY Required experience: Object Oriented Programming Design: 5 years Required education: Master's 	Software Engineer - Back Office Developer	RBF Holdings, Corp	New York	NY	New York, NY	Indeed	Fri, 28 Aug 2015 20:01:14 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=67ee5b353eec4819&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2f5UJpniHyY0aNQMQlgR7TJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kee7dt18e85ti
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Software Engineer (Release) – SE-600 Advanced Systems Concepts, Inc. (ASCI) is a Systems Software Engineering company. We create software products of our own design and have done so for more than thirty years! As we continue to grow, ASCI is looking for individuals who enjoy the Software Engineering process. At ASCI we use our variation of the Agile/SCRUM methodology in which engineers are responsible for what they and the group achieve. In addition, we believe that while engineers may be drawn to a particular discipline everyone gets better by learning and not being pigeon holed to one particular set of technologies. As a result we use the latest software technologies and tools to advance our company and our engineers understanding of software systems. The key ingredients are the ability to learn and have a passion for Software Engineering. Responsibilities: You will be responsible for testing and implementation of System Software products on Microsoft Windows and UNIX platforms. You will be part of a team working on the latest software technologies that are used to build leading edge software products. Must be able to work independently as well as within a group. Attention to detail, positive attitude, the ability to learn and be challenged and pride in quality and timeliness are all attributes the successful candidate will have. Relationship and Roles: Experience with Microsoft Visual Studio 201x (or equivalent version) and Team Foundation. Knowledgeable in Powershell and/or Shell scripting. Very knowledgeable in latest .Net Framework (or later version) and C#. Job Specifications: BS/MS in Computer Science or Computer Engineering (or equivalent work experience). Minimum requirements include 2 to 5 years engineering experience. Advanced Systems Concepts, Inc. is an EEO Employer - No sponsorships	Software Release Engineer	Advanced Systems Concepts, Inc.	Morristown	NJ	Morristown, NJ	Advanced Systems Concepts, Inc.	Thu, 01 Oct 2015 23:55:14 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=2325e8b4052c8ad7&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2f5UJpniHyY0aNQMQlgR7TJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kee7dt18e85ti
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Job Title: Software Development Engineer Location: Jersey City, NJ Duration: 6 Months Main Responsibilities : Develop application components to meet the requirements of a company in alignment with the design documentation Define the integration strategy (including designating the requirements in the integration environment) as well as the product-components-integration sequence Identify and evaluate risk mitigation in the high-level-design, integration and data quality Contribute to design reviews Support in defining development and software standards to implement/ reflect the Bank’s directives (name conventions, encryption and security settings) and ensure norm adherence Ensure that structural modifications (as defined by the architect/s) are executed Provide Level 3 support for the technical infrastructure components (data warehouse, middleware and user interfaces) Support the case-/ problem analyze Software development Develop source codes including the versions of all software components in accordance with the detailed software requirements, functional design as well as technical documentation and stock. Support the evaluation processes (Four-eyes principle) and provide feedback on the developed source codes Integrate software components by following the group integration strategy Verify the integrated software components for the individual sectors as well as the software testing by following the test plan. Software test results must be exemplified. Ensure that all changes on the source code are planned, approved, monitored and registered in the Group Change-Management process. Develop methodologies for the integration of Change items in the target environment Make Release Deployments of non-production management controlled environments Compile Build-and Deployment notes as well as operating manuals and provisional guidelines Assist in compiling software product- and user training materials, as well as software instructions Develop methodologies for the integration of Change items in the target environment Verify the composition of documents and the respective software enable Undertake technical change requests based on management processes Fix programming and software errors Analyze the code quality AdHoc cooperation with functional analysts and technical specialists to close out open tasks Perform mathematical calculations to ensure the target results and provide a vehicle to navigate the negative test scenarios Technical Skills Analyze, implement and document the changes of complex software solutions Experience in object-oriented programming language, preferred in .NET environment Sound knowledge in relational databases and SQL Good understanding of Client-Server-Applications Good understanding of Internet and Network technologies as well as of the respective protocols TCP/IP, http, SSL Good understanding of Information Security with focus on Identity and Access Ability to solve problems in a dynamic environment (3rd Level Support) Proven analytical skills Excellent knowledge of the ITIL frameworks Passion for technical innovation Experience in DELL 1 Identity Manager is of advantage, but not a condition Education/ Certification Bachelor of Science Degree from an accredited college or university with major in Informatics or Software Engineering and minor in finance, mathematics or technology	Software Development Engineer	Spectraforce Technologies Inc	West Orange	NJ	West Orange, NJ	Spectraforce Technologies Inc	Thu, 05 Nov 2015 14:55:41 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=2123e18cac596247&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2f5UJpniHyY0aNQMQlgR7TJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kee7dt18e85ti
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Software Engineer, Creative &amp; Media Delivery We are building a revolutionary programmatic creative platform at scale. As a Software Engineer on the Creative &amp; Media Delivery team, you will be at the center of innovation and development of our proprietary tools for building and configuring highly dynamic and customizable marketing experiences. In this role, you will be responsible for designing and implementing elegant software, championing and evangelizing best practices as well as owning complex projects. We are looking for hardcore full-stack Engineers that have deep experience with front-end frameworks as well as solid background in backend development and enterprise system design. About the Role You will: Develop new products and features; build upon and maintain existing ones Write fast and elegant code with testability in mind Improve our devops, deployment, and automated testing practices Actively participate in our agile process Provide engineering support for other departments as needed Generate new product and feature ideas (e.g. Hackathons, brainstorming, etc) About You Bachelor’s degree or equivalent experience Experience with Javascript and related technologies (coffeescript, Angular) Well-rounded experience building UIs &amp; APIs. Experience with object-oriented languages such as Ruby, Python, Java or Go Experience with SQL About Spongecell: Spongecell is changing the way digital ads are built, making it faster, easier and more efficient to get breakthrough online creative in front of consumers, wherever they may be. Our Creative Management Platform brings together versioning, decisioning and analytics all under one roof, offering a seamless solution for the data-driven advertiser. This is the world of Programmatic Creative, and we’re making it smarter and more powerful every day. Spongecell attracts people who are intelligent, results driven, collaborative and fun. We'll provide you a competitive salary, great benefits (employer sponsored health, dental and vision, 401k, great vacation offerings and holidays) and more... We'll provide you with a challenge, a chance to learn a lot, and a fun and exciting work environment We listen to your opinions about our company and encourage you to contribute in ways that interest you For more information, please visit: http://www.spongecell.com/	Software Engineer, Creative & Media Delivery	Spongecell	New York	NY	New York, NY	Spongecell	Sat, 29 Aug 2015 04:11:17 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=ab7e690fd9f73b88&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2f5UJpniHyY0aNQMQlgR7TJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kee7dt18e85ti
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Software Engineer 2 Location US- NJ, Jersey City Req # 28347 Functional Area College Graduates Preferred Experience Entry Level Preferred Education Masters Degree Position Summary At Citrix, SaaS Division, we build beautifully simple and easy-to-use Cloud-based, cross-platform Web, Mobile and Desktop software products. You probably know us by such industry-defining brand names as GoToMeeting®, GoToMyPC® and ShareFile®, as well as other award winning products and services. Citrix SaaS enables customers around the world to enjoy highly productive, mobile workstyles. The Opportunity Citrix SaaS division is growing and we're looking for a Software Engineer 2 to join our Audio Platform team in Jersey City, NJ. Citrix SaaS division operates one of the largest distributed audio conferencing infrastructures in the world. Our HD audio is integrated in all of our collaboration SaaS offerings and also available as a standalone product. As a Software Engineer of the Audio Platform team, you will be responsible for design, evaluation and implementation of innovative software components for real-time audio processing. You will help us to implement our next generation audio platform delivering leading edge audio quality to customers using our collaboration software (GoToMeeting, GoToWebinar, and GoToTraining) as well as our stand-alone audio conferencing service (Open Voice). You’ll apply your skills and experience in an agile/scrum environment, working closely with developers, designers, and product managers. If you are looking for an opportunity to work on cutting edge, cloud based, Software-as-a-Service products for a major player in the software/tech industry this just may be the place for you!. Qualifications and Requirements Bachelor’s degree or equivalent in computer science, electrical engineering, or related field is preferred, with approximately 2 years of directly related work experience; no actual work experience may be required for individuals holding a Master’s or higher degree in one of these fields; equivalent experience may be substituted for formal education. Proficiency in C++ and one or more scripting languages (e.g., JavaScript, Unix shell, Python) are required. Proficiency in Unix programming required. Knowledge and experience with OOAD principles and methodologies (e.g., UML) and OS concepts Knowledge in real-time communication server design and architecture. Knowledge in Networking technologies and multi-threaded programming Knowledge with client-server systems, Internet communication protocols and real-time communication protocols (RTP, SIP/SDP, H.323) Knowledge of highly scalable, distributed fault tolerant systems. Experience in using tools like Visio, Word, Excel, etc. to create sophisticated design &amp; architectural diagrams and documentation. Experience of SW Engineering Process and Configuration Management tools Experience implementing, unit testing, debugging and integrating code of moderate complexity 	Software Engineer 2	Citrix Systems, Inc.	Jersey City	NJ	Jersey City, NJ	Citrix Systems, Inc.	Thu, 01 Oct 2015 09:13:00 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=8059e100a6f05a94&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2f5UJpniHyY0aNQMQlgR7TJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kee7dt18e85ti
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	We are seeking a talented infrastructure software engineer to join our growing technology team. You will design and implement the software subsystems that form the backbone of Two Sigma’s research and trading software. You will tackle a broad range of challenges, including: Requirements-gathering, architecting, and designing solutions; Developing software systems in Java, C and/or Python; Defining and collecting goal-focused metrics; Optimizing performance. Requirements Include: Strong computer science background. Solid programming skills in Java, C and/or Python. Superior communication and organizational skills. Proven ability to analyze and optimize data structures and algorithms for efficiency. Understanding of concurrency and distributed computing. General familiarity with existing open-source software packages. 	Infrastructure Software Engineer	Two Sigma Investments, LLC.	New York	NY	New York, NY	Two Sigma Investments, LLC.	Mon, 07 Sep 2015 06:06:32 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=57a15af9ff193ed9&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2f5UJpniHyY0aNQMQlgR7TJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kee7dt18e85ti
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Design and develop computer software systems by applying principles and techniques of computer science and mathematical analysis. Develop service-oriented architecture for building distributed systems and data grid implementation for large-scale, data-intensive applications. Utilize various software design patterns, effective development methodologies, and deep understanding of multithreading and real-time software architectures. REQUIREMENTS Master of Science in computer science or computer engineering and two years of Java related software development experience or Bachelor of Science in computer science or computer engineering and five years of software development experience. Must have experience with Adobe Flex3, Adobe AIR, Java, JavaScript, J2EE, AJAX, Hibernate, Web Services, Grails, SAML, Apache CXF, Axis, Globus Toolkit, XSLT, XSD, Spring, XML, SAX parsers, JDBCTomcat, Oracle, ServiceMix, and MithConnect, Weblogic, Websphere, Linux, and service oriented architecture (SOA). HOW TO APPLY Send resumes to: Lab49 Inc. Attn: HR 1345 6th Avenue, New York City, NY 10105	SOFTWARE ENGINEER	Lab49	New York	NY	New York, NY	Lab49	Sat, 05 Sep 2015 06:38:55 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=4a17ab3c7869ce75&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2f5UJpniHyY0aNQMQlgR7TJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kee7dt18e85ti
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Job Description We’re looking for a PHP developer with 4+ years experience. You will help maintaining internal and external-facing web applications. Duties &amp; Responsibilities: Develops applications, web-based software, components and services depending on chosen skill set Tracks down and corrects bugs and defects in existing software Makes other changes or improvements to existing software Works closely with Project Managers, QA and development teams to drive projects through to completion. Skills &amp; Requirements 4+ years of PHP development experience &amp; complete fluency in PHP5 Very experience with MySQL and relational database concepts BA/BS degree preferred or equivalent experience will be considered Highly responsible, self-motivated and able to thrive in an energetic, fast-paced, creative environment. Strong work ethic and able to work effectively independently and in collaborative team environments Hands-on; completes tasks and dependable; proactive in nature Knows what needs to be done and operates with a sense of urgency, focus and discipline. Have excellent communication skills (written, verbal, presentation and interpersonal). Team player, with a strong sense of ownership and a ‘get things done’ attitude. Detailed oriented persona, who is very meticulous about their work. Above all, ethical, fair and maintaining high integrity. Familiarity with Java and/or C++ 	Backend Software Engineer – PHP	Smith & Keller	New York	NY	New York, NY	Smith & Keller	Fri, 09 Oct 2015 23:29:45 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=36aea753cce5e372&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2f5UJpniHyY0aNQMQlgR7TJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kee7dt18e85ti
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	RESPONSIBILITIES: Kforce's client, an elite firm in New York, New York (NY) is looking for a Senior Software Engineer - Salesforce who is an enthusiastic problem-solver and proactively dives into technical challenges and best practices research. Overview: The client has over 600 users and expects this number to jump to over 800 as the candidate evolves Salesforce at this firm! The candidate needs to work closely with the Product Management Team, understand business requirements/priorities and successfully implement solutions using Agile development methodology. At this company, the successful applicant will collaborate with a group of quick witted, humorous, and extremely dedicated coworkers and clients who are all passionate about digital media. The work environment is inviting and this individual will work in an open modern space where they will often find groups in casual brainstorming sessions sharing ideas and strategies for new initiatives. Everyone has a voice at within this company, and they are open to new ways of thinking, especially those that will contribute to the overall success of the company. Opinions and ideas are always welcome, in fact, they are encouraged! Responsibilities: Develop software solutions using Java, Salesforce.com APIs (tooling, streaming, REST, SOAP), and 3rd party APIs Contribute to the overall configuration, design and layout of the Salesforce.com system architecture Apply functional knowledge and technical expertise in the development and maintenance of custom S alesforce.com applications Participate in cross-functional teams that address strategic business issues Monitor the support queue for incoming requests and adjust activities as necessary based on priority; determine an appropriate course of action for these requests, and follow them through to completion Follow standard coding practices, keeping custom code organized, readable, maintainable, and documented REQUIREMENTS: Bachelor's degree in Computer Science (or related field) or relevant experience 8+ years of experience in software development (focus on object-oriented programming, using Java, J2SE, J2EE preferred) 5+ years of development experience on the Salesforce platform Excellent knowledge of Salesforce security model that consist of Profiles, OWD, and Sharing rules Experience integrating Force.com development with modern deployment and release processes (e.g., agile, continuous integration, Jenkins, and Git) Excellent knowledge of Salesforce configuration that consists of Workflows, Email Templates, Approval Processes, Flows, and Sites Previously worked as a Lead with experience in Design, Architecture, Migrations, Merge of Multiple instances, Continuous Integration - all as they relate to Salesforce 	Software Engineer - Salesforce - Elite Firm	Kforce	New York	NY	New York, NY	Kforce	Mon, 05 Oct 2015 19:44:18 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=ab2ea00f66f7c2fe&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2f5UJpniHyY0aNQMQlgR7TJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kee7dt18e85ti
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Dealertrack is currently looking for a Software Engineer with web development experience in Python - Django and exposure to Software as a Service to join our team in Lake Success, NY. Who We Are + What We Do: Dealertrack is the leading provider of digital solutions for automotive retail. Combining dealer perspectives, consumer insights, and tech-fueled innovation, we’ve built a marketing, sales, and operations platform that’s helping to transform the automotive retail industry. Our offices span nearly 20 cities from coast to coast with location-specific programs and amenities to create work environments that nurture collaboration, creativity, innovation and professional development. Our Engineering Team: Our Software Engineers are energetic influencers who have built a world-class software platform, for auto dealers, from the ground up. We’re looking for thinkers at every stage in their career with intensity and creativity to take on the biggest challenges in our industry. Risk-taking is encouraged here, and we reward great results. Collaboration and support are woven into the fabric of everything we do; from 24-hour Hackathon groups to sprint reviews and scrum teams, you’ll be immersed in an environment that nurtures individualism, creative problem-solving, and intellect. The Job: As a Software Engineer, you will work in a collaborative team environment that encourages you to perform at your best, and challenges you to engineer elegant solutions for complex business problems. You will architect, design and develop robust software systems with unit and systems testing. You will need to be able to quickly learn and use new technologies, troubleshoot difficult problems and be an expert with the software lifecycle including scoping and estimation of requirements along with writing of technical documentation. Technology We Use: Github Enterprise, Continuous Integration, Jenkins, Python, Django, Celery, Django Rest Framework, SQLAlchemy, Redis, MongoDB and vagrant. Responsibilities: Coding of SaaS applications in an Agile development environment Developing automated tests, predicting areas of risk, and coordinating with our QA staff to achieve the best blend of error prevention and error detection possible Collaborate with other developers on best practices, code reviews, internal tools and process improvements Guide, coach and mentor team members as required, assisting in the team’s skills development during software development projects What We Look For: Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or related field or equivalent experience. 3 - 5 years of related work experience. 3 – 4 years of total experience in object oriented web development (OOD) 2+ years of experience of web development with Python/Django 2 years of Java or other OOD web technology Ability to work independently; designing, developing and deploying solutions, and to deliver projects on time with minimal direction Experience with both UI and backend development including using one ORM technology 2+ years of experience with development work on Linux Experience using development tools include source control (SVN, Git, Mercurial), IDEs, and defect tracking tools Ability and desire to learn new skills and technologies are essential Stay connected and follow us on Twitter @DT_Careers to get the latest updates on new opportunities. Company: Dealertrack	Python Software Engineer	Dealertrack	Lake Success	NY	Lake Success, NY	Dealertrack	Tue, 29 Sep 2015 00:06:35 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=f529a2011e34885c&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2f5UJpniHyY0aNQMQlgR7TJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kee7dt18e85ti
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Have you ever wondered what sort of systems and software power the world's largest e-Commerce operation? How do you ensure that you serve up the freshest possible information to hundreds of millions of Amazon's customers around the world 24x7x365? Welcome to the world of highly distributed systems and massive scale. Amazon is a place where builders can build. If you have a passion for how web applications should be built, care about making other developers’ lives better, want to work with world-class engineers to solve hard problems, we'd love to talk to you! We are looking for a passionate, results-oriented, innovative Software Engineer to drive the design and implementation of application profiling and analytics tools for use across Amazon. A successful candidate will have a strong software background in frontend development framework and web standards, as well as background in large-scale, multi-tiered, distributed software applications, systems and services. We require exceptional design skills, excellent problem solving, and strong communication skills. The right candidate will not only be building the product but also managing the community around it. Daily work will involve liaising with the Amazon developer community, other senior developers and principals. Basic Qualifications Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or a related field 4+ years professional experience in software development Computer Science fundamentals in object-oriented design, data structures, algorithm design, problem solving, and complexity analysis Proficiency in, at least, one modern programming language such as Java, C# Preferred Qualifications Prior experience in Application profiling and performance analysis, ideally both front and back end. Strong software background in frontend development framework and web standards, building web application tools Experience driving the architecture and design of large-scale, multi-tiered, distributed software applications, databases, tools, systems and services using service-oriented architecture, object-oriented design, distributed programming, Java and SQL. Experience gathering business and functional requirements from external and/or internal customers and end-users, and translating requirements into technical specifications to build robust, scalable, supportable solutions that work well between a range of complex systems. Experience serving as technical lead throughout the full development lifecycle, end-to-end, from scoping, planning, conception, design, implementation and testing, to documentation, delivery and maintenance. Experience providing design reviews for other engineers, including feedback on architecture and design issues, as well as integration, performance and scalability. Hands-on expertise in many disparate technologies, typically ranging from front-end user interfaces through to back-end systems and all points in between. 	Software Engineer – Application Profiling / Analytics Tools	Amazon Corporate LLC	New York	NY	New York, NY	Amazon.com	Thu, 10 Sep 2015 05:15:54 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=d0da303b2a16d594&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2f5UJpniHyY0aNQMQlgR7TJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kee7dt18e85ti
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Job Summary Education BS or MS in Computer Science or in a related field Career Level Senior Job Type Full Time Positions Available 1 Job Description Job Responsibilities Responsible for testing and troubleshooting XML messaging flows. Creating end-to-end tests for sending XML requests from a simulator and verifying the responses and subsequent notifications. Participates on teams involved in cross product solutions and interfaces to other products. Thrive in a high pressure, customer-focused environment. Required Minimum of 5 years experience as a Senior Developer Java J2EE EJB experience XML JSON HTTP and HTTPS protocols, including certificate management Linux Software configuration tools (source control, defect tracking, etc.) Agile/Lean methodology JBoss application server experience Preferred Oracle RDBMS and JDBC experience Process monitoring and logging experience Messaging experience, e.g. JBoss Active MQ or similar Experience with latest SW development tools such as Eclipse IDE and Maven Inquire about this position Attach CV / Resumé Enter the text you see below Contact Information For more information about working at GlobalLogic, feel free to contact us directly. United States Recruiting +1 408 273 8900 careers-us@globallogic.com See our Contact page for numbers and addresses in other cities and countries.	Senior Software QA and Development Engineer_IC	GlobalLogic, Inc.	Piscataway	NJ	Piscataway, NJ	GlobalLogic, Inc.	Mon, 05 Oct 2015 20:08:31 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=3d5d7a9fdad786c0&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2f5UJpniHyY0aNQMQlgR7TJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kee7dt18e85ti
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	As a member of the Technology team you will collectively be responsible for the development of Vidyo SDK’s next generation architecture. The Vidyo SDK is a multi-platform software component library that spans both client and server application environments. In this role, you will work on the design and implementation of the next generation communication delivery system, including multi-party chat, presence, file transfer, and audio and video conferencing. What you’ll do: Work on the design and implementation of the next generation communication delivery system, including multi-party chat, presence, file transfer, and audio and video conferencing New feature design and implementation Integrate newly available technologies and devices Deliver Vidyo SDK APIs to content creators and ensure usability Develop tools and automation to deliver robust software components Who you are: You have at least 3 years of experience in software design and development You have strong knowledge of system-level C/C++ programming for large and complex systems You understand algorithms, data structures, threading/asynchronous programing You’ve worked with at least 2 of the following Operating Systems: Android, iOS, Linux, OS X, and Windows You have excellent communication and problem-solving skills You have a degree in CS/EE A Plus : You’re experienced with Presence, Multi-party chat, and/or file transfer You’ve worked with XMPP signaling or VOIP signaling protocols You understand media transport protocols: RTP, ICE, TURN, etc. You’re knowledgeable with Web technologies (WebRTC, Websockets, HTTP) Interested candidates may send their resume to careers@vidyo.com and reference Tech in the subject line.	Senior Software Engineer (Tech Group)	Vidyo	Hackensack	NJ	Hackensack, NJ	Vidyo	Mon, 12 Oct 2015 20:36:57 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=d463a30f87956c55&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2f5UJpniHyY0aNQMQlgR7TJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kee7dt18e85ti
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	A Software firm in Hackensack NJ is looking for talented ambitious developers/Engineers to join their team. The company was just featured in INC. magazines, 200th fastest growing company in America and the 7th fastest in all of New Jersey. If you are a looking for a challenging environment where you can grow your career and work with smart, motivated developers, this is the place for you! We are looking for an experienced software engineer to join our development team to help develop the backend of the application, the API and the web UI. The ideal programmer for this position will be detail oriented and able to effectively and successfully work independently as well as within teams, have excellent communication skills, innovative analytic skills, and strong organizational skills. If you've read the requirements and think you'd be a great fit, we'd love to hear from you! RESPONSIBILITIES Contribute to a rapidly growing and robust application using the latest .NET technologies. See projects throughout a full lifecycle from concept and planning to release. This includes writing proper spec, unit tests, performing peer review and integration. Exhibit strong initiative, leadership and accountability on all projects. Coordinate with responsible parties or departments on detailing specs, acquiring necessary content and meeting deadlines. Work closely with an amazing team of engineers and designers. Brainstorm and prototype new concepts and approaches. REQUIREMENTS 5+ years experience in a full time position in a software engineer role Extensive knowledge of test driven development (TDD) and the various quality assurance testing methodologies that encompass the entire software engineering Experience adhering to software engineering best practices for the full development life cycle, including coding standards, code reviews, source control, continuous integration, build processes, testing, and operations Highly proficient in writing well-structured, easily maintainable, well-documented code in C#, MS SQL Server, HTML, CSS, JavaScript + jQuery and writing unit tests in NUnit A solid foundation in computer science, with competencies in object oriented design, database schemas, application architecture, and software design practices BONUS SKILLS Experience with API integration and/or API development Experience with AWS STK for .Net Experience with various types of quality assurance testing including integration, regression, user acceptance, usability and end-to-end testing Contributions to open source projects	Jr. Software Engineer	Huxley Banking & Financial Services	Hackensack	NJ	Hackensack, NJ	Monster	Fri, 06 Nov 2015 23:10:13 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=e832d00da5680fac&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2f5UJpniHyY0aNQMQlgR7TJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kee7dt18e85ti
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Requisition No.: 118181BR Subsidiary: eBay Marketplaces Primary Job Responsibilities: Highly talented Software Engineer for the Homepage team in NYC, who can substantially contribute in the role of Quality Engineering. Job Requirements: We are seeking a highly motivated Software Engineer, who can contribute in the role of Quality Engineering. You will be working on the Commerce Experience QE team in delivering best in class experiences to our customers. This position requires the candidate to collaborate with folks in other disciplines, specifically Product Management and Product Development but also with User Experience Design, Analytics and Business. The candidate is expected to be a self-starter and team player, and a strong driver for results and continuous improvement. Responsibilities include own quality engineering for assigned product features. The strategy would first identify key aspects from a test perspective and then answer questions like how, when and where these key aspects will be applied (automation, scripts, manual). Define overall test strategy for assigned features. Estimate testing effort, prioritize projects, plan implementations and help rollout changes Define automation strategy and ensure testability Write best in class code to automate testing for your assigned feature areas Develop deep understanding of the product, engineering processes, tools and concepts in order to effectively narrow down defects . Ability to not only find a defect but also to narrow it down to the root cause. This position does require experience to do manual testing as well Participates in test design and test systems architecture discussions, proposes and discusses solutions to system and product changes that are related to domain area Document defects effectively and work with Development team to triage and troubleshoot defects Coordinate testing across multiple teams Participate in product and technology initiatives and recommend improvements Work with other QE engineers, product managers, and product developers to ensure that product specifications describe innovative solutions that meet market needs with respect to functionality, performance, scalability, and reliability, and result in achievable implementation schedules and a product that meets agreed-upon quality standards Identify process, technology challenges and deficiencies that need to be addressed and drive those changes to successful adoption Last Updated: 09/09/2015	Senior Software Engineer, Quality	eBay Marketplaces	New York	NY	New York, NY	Ebay	Wed, 09 Sep 2015 17:50:09 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=b4143b132556f11c&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2f5UJpniHyY0aNQMQlgR7TJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kee7dt18e85ti
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	MLB Advanced Media (MLBAM), the interactive and mobile company of Major League Baseball, is the developer of several award-winning products, apps and services. We are also the industry leader in the development and distribution of live streaming video events over multiple platforms. We are looking to hire multiple ServiceNow software engineers to apply strong technical knowledge and ability to our world leading digital brand. Our software engineers are hands-on and gain professional gratification by having their efforts exposed to millions of users around the globe. Opportunities include the development of custom ServiceNow applications and the development and extension of standard ServiceNow applications such as Asset Management, Change Management, Incident and more. You will work closely with stakeholders across the organization, integrating ServiceNow and contributing to the efficiency and improvements of business processes across the organization. These positions are located in New York, NY We truly believe we offer a unique opportunity for any technologist: The opportunity to work on a bleeding edge technology stack The opportunity to work with a world-class team of Software Engineers The opportunity to work on award-winning and complex apps and systems The opportunity to have an influence on the innovation of products used globally by millions The opportunity to work in a highly collaborative team environment Amazing benefits including - 100% employer-paid Medical, Dental and Vision. Responsibilities: Craft ServiceNow applications and enhancements. Work with a team building software in a collaborative development process Participate in the full-lifecycle of software development (requirements gathering, designing, building, testing and maintenance) Requirements: BS or MS degree in Computer Science or equivalent experience 5+ years of experience building software with Java, Relational Databases Self-learner, independent, and have outstanding problem-solving skills Excellent written and verbal communication skills Preferred, but not required: Extensive ServiceNow development experience JavaScript Expert ServiceNow workflow expertise Extensive experience with all ServiceNow applications including Asset Management, Service Catalog, Change Management, Request Management, Incident and Release Management Experience with Cloud Computing and Platform as a Service technologies Extensive knowledge of Object Oriented Analysis and Design 	Senior ServiceNow Software Engineer	MLB Advanced Media	New York	NY	New York, NY	MLB Advanced Media	Wed, 02 Sep 2015 16:24:48 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=f2aa167d8fb4a920&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2f5UJpniHyY0aNQMQlgR7TJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kee7dt18e85ti
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	– Ruby on Rails – Fast Growing Startup with $135M in Funding Are you a Senior Software Engineer with solid Ruby on Rails experience who is passionate about crafting software that impacts the lives of customers and coworkers alike Are you a Ruby on Rails Engineer looking to solve challenging problems for a massively funded tech startup If so, this might be the role for you. This New York based start-up who recently received a multibillion dollar valuation is looking for a driven and motivated Ruby on Rails Software Engineer to play an integral role in an ever-growing Technology team. As the Ruby on Rails Engineer, you will create software to manage the forecasting, purchasing, preparation, and logistics nationwide. The nature of the business carries with it unique supply chain and logistical challenges that require purpose-built solutions and data analysis. Their technology stack includes Ruby on Rails, PostgreSQL, and RSpec. The ideal candidate will have a strong understanding of open source technologies and excited to learn new technologies including Ember and Backbone. What You Will Be Doing: Take ownership of the product from start to finish Build new custom software and automation tools that immediately impacts consumers Evaluate, design, and implement new features to provide more enjoyable experiences for their users Collaborate to understand and solve unique scheduling and logistics challenges Build tools to solve complex operational workflows What You Need: Professional programming experience building a large scale Ruby on Rails application, preferably consumer facing Solid understanding of object oriented architecture and design for web application development Experience optimizing web applications and relational databases for high traffic and performance Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or equivalent What You Get: Competitive salary + Equity Comprehensive health package Commuter Benefits Open vacation policy MacBook Pro or Air Prime location in NYC’s SoHo neighborhood Fully stocked kitchen So, if you are a Senior Ruby on Rails Engineer looking to join a fast-growing well-funded startup that has tripled its volume over the last 6 months, apply today. Interviews are being scheduled immediately.	Senior Software Engineer	FILD	New York	NY	New York, NY	FILD	Sat, 17 Oct 2015 09:35:00 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=4e23c2d5bb909cfb&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2f5UJpniHyY0aNQMQlgR7TJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kee7dt18e85ti
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Senior Embedded C/C++ Software Engineer Minimum Qualifications: 7+ years professional software engineering experience. BS or MS degree in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, or equivalent experience. 5+ years of C/C++ experience at a systems level. Skill Set: Language: C/C++, OOP, and Multithreading Network: Non-blocking socket, TCP/IP, UDP/IP programming Embedded design and implementation principals Experience with multi-threaded software development and a grasp of the relationships between processes, threads, event queues, and event dispatch and handling mechanisms is a must. Experience with working with any of the following RTOS: QNX, FreeRTOS, Linus RTOS, mCLinux, ThreadX. Good working knowledge of memory management, file systems, I/O, resource and communications subsystems. Solid troubleshooting skills, ability to come up to speed on new technologies quickly. Strong technical background and ability to come up to speed on new technologies quickly. Thrives in a fast paced, heavy workload environment where you work with very smart teammates. Good communication skills and the ability to assume ownership and work both individually and collaboratively in a team environment are required. 	Sr. C/C++ Embedded Software Engineer	The Bachrach Group	Hicksville	NY	Hicksville, NY	The Bachrach Group	Fri, 23 Oct 2015 09:08:31 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=12b869162cd11277&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2f5UJpniHyY0aNQMQlgR7TJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kee7dt18e85ti
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	This role can sit in order of preference with the first three about equal: Woodbury, NY; Richmond, VA; Toronto, Canada; Salary in the $80-120K range BusTime Software Engineer I. Job Summary: The BusTime Software Engineer is responsible for the development of Object Oriented code for complex distributed, Java UI, and web software. The BusTime Software Engineer is also responsible for interpreting software requirements and design specifications to develop, enhance and maintain software applications. II. Department: Engineering III. Reporting Relationships: The BusTime Software Engineer reports to the BusTime Development Manager IV. Primary Responsibilities: : Performs Java/J2EE application development : Develops Object Oriented code for complex, Java UI and web software : Interprets designs and design specifications for software applications : Designs and implements new features for BusTime : Works within timeline and schedule for delivery of features that accommodate the departments schedule : Enhances existing features as recommended and approved : Makes recommendations for product enhancements : Identifies, troubleshoots and fixes bugs in existing features of BusTime software : Provides Java software troubleshooting and support to Engineering department : Ensure recommended features and amendments are tested and run properly as specified : Works to support overall team : Ideates and innovates overall BusTime software design and features and makes recommendations to management V. Decision Making Authority: The BusTime Software Engineer performs duties in an independent manner with little or no supervision, exercises basic discretion and judgment regarding routine work, and looks for assistance on non-routine events and issues. VI. Skills Required: : 3+ years experience as a software engineer in an engineering setting : 3+ years Java programming experience : Strong working knowledge of Java class libraries and Object Oriented design patterns : Experience developing Java software executed on various platforms : Strong knowledge of JDBC and SQL : Good knowledge of Java UI development using Swing : Strong knowledge of J2EE platform including Java Beans, Servlets and JSP : Strong problem solving and troubleshooting skills : Strong written and oral communication skills : Good interpersonal skills : Ability to work as a member of the team : Strong time management skills and ability to meet deadlines in a complete manner : Ability to handle multiple tasks simultaneously and prioritize : Ability to learn new technologies as needed : Bachelors Degree in Computer Science of Engineering	Java Software Engineer	The Bachrach Group	Hicksville	NY	Hicksville, NY	The Bachrach Group	Fri, 23 Oct 2015 09:08:32 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=8ec8259b57df27fd&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2f5UJpniHyY0aNQMQlgR7TJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kee7dt18e85ti
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	WorldQuant is a private institutional investment management complex consisting of an international team of researchers, traders and technologists who constantly work toward even greater quantification and automation in the development of its trading processes. Continuously evolving for ever-greater efficiency enables us to trade today the way others will tomorrow. Information technologists lead WorldQuant’s efforts to automate trading to the greatest degree possible. Measures of trading system efficiency—such as response time, latency and throughput—are analyzed. Execution quality and portfolio liquidity are evaluated. Ongoing development projects are undertaken to improve system performance. In every task, technologists are keenly process and automation-oriented as they seek to provide industry-leading research capabilities and trading execution. Job Responsibilities (include, but not limited to the following): We are seeking exceptionally bright individuals who thrive on solving complex technology and business challenges. As a Software Engineer at WorldQuant, you will join teams that: Develop software that enables WorldQuant to process vast amounts of information to inform investment decisions Develop state of the art distributed financial modeling systems and tools Develop software that enables fully-automated trading processes Develop tools and software for investment process automation and monitoring Work closely with portfolio management, middle office and research professionals to create custom-tailored, unique solutions that provide clear business value Support and monitor mission-critical technology functions and processes Job Qualifications: At minimum Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or related field from a top school Exceptional programming skills Experience using multiple programming and scripting languages Strong analytical skills and painstaking attention to detail Demonstrated excellence in chosen field of study or profession Finance experience is not mandatory Be self-motivated and take initiative with minimal direction Possess excellent written and oral communication skills Positions available based in New York City, Old Greenwich, CT, San Francisco, CA, as well as other current and future WorldQuant global offices. To apply, please submit resumes including ACT/SAT scores.	Software Engineer	WorldQuant, LLC.	Greenwich	CT	Greenwich, CT	WorldQuant, LLC.	Fri, 11 Sep 2015 16:44:46 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=7399e7676fb8b25d&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2f5UJpniHyY0aNQMQlgR7TJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kee7dt18e85ti
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Software Engineer - Android Do you like our Android app and want to bring it to the next level? Do you have ideas on how we can continue to improve the service for users around the world? Then you should join Uber's mobile team in NYC. Our engineering efforts are just getting started, so help shape the culture, work on a small team and be on the ground floor of something big. WE'RE LOOKING FOR Experience developing, releasing, and maintaining native Java Applications (point us to your apps on Google Play) Deep understanding of the Android SDK Crazy stories about supporting multiple Android devices Experience collaborating on software projects with design and backend aspects BONUS POINTS Insightful opinions about developing for mobile A GitHub account with some cool projects in it Scary amazing debugging skills Experience developing location aware mobile applications Experience developing testing suites for mobile applications Experience with web technologies (JavaScript, CSS, HTML5) TEAMS Uber Everything will collapse the time and distance between everyone and everything they want. Initially, we’re focusing on UberEATS (on-demand food in 10 minutes or less) and UberRush (quickly moving everything around the world), but, as the team grows, we will be building the next generation of Uber’s logistics platform. Define Uber’s future by building it with us. Mobile Platform is building a monitoring system to help our teams measure everything in our applications. Understanding how network performance, startup time, battery usage, and frame rates vary around the world lets our engineering groups make quick, correct decisions about how and what to improve. PERKS Employees are given Uber credits every month Beautiful new office in Chelsea Delicious catered lunches Sharp, motivated co-workers in a fun office environment Unlimited vacation policy so you can work hard and take time when you need it COMPENSATION Competitive salary Equity compensation plan 401(k) Generous medical, dental and vision coverage to fit your needs Gym reimbursement Help us make transportation so available and affordable that private ownership of automobiles becomes a relic of the past. Reinvent logistics to create a world where everything can be delivered on-demand. Don't you want a job where you can move atoms, not just bits?	Software Engineer - Android (New York)	Uber Technologies	New York	NY	New York, NY	Uber	Sun, 13 Sep 2015 05:48:14 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=44e2eef6e094b0fd&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2f5UJpniHyY0aNQMQlgR7TJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kee7dt18e85ti
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Senior Information Assurance Software Engineer: Education- A Bachelor of Science or an equivalent Bachelor of Arts in computer science (computer programming) is required. A Bachelor of Science in engineering with programming courses may be substituted for the B.S. or B.A. in computer science. A high school diploma with 10 years of programming and software development experience may be substituted for the B.A. or B.S. degree. Experience (10 years’ experience in programming)- Ten or more years of information technology (IT) experience in IT security and information assurance. Knowledge of security practices and protocols is required. Certifications- Personnel shall be CISSP Certified or demonstrate that they have equivalent experience, skills, and abilities. CISSP certification is preferred. Clearance requirements: (Requires either a current or previous - w/in the past 5-6 years - SECRET security clearance)- Personnel performing the Information Assurance Officer function shall be United States citizens and shall possess a Top Secret clearance.	Sr. Information Assurance Software Engineer	Open Systems Technologies, Inc.	Lincroft	NJ	Lincroft, NJ	Open Systems Technologies, Inc.	Fri, 30 Oct 2015 22:44:23 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=789f97d7e6d56539&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2f5UJpniHyY0aNQMQlgR7TJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kee7dt18e85ti
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	DNAinfo is a digital news service covering stories vital to New York and Chicago's local communities. Our professional journalists produce and publish concise, objective multimedia stories. We combine original content with the best aggregation to bring our audience all the news from the neighborhoods. We also publish top-notch freelance writers and bloggers who are fully immersed in their communities. We will deliver all of this across web and mobile platforms. The inspiration, funding, and strategic vision for DNAinfo.com come from entrepreneur and Ameritrade founder, Joe Ricketts. Mission We are guided by the following beliefs 1. News stories should be told by journalists who rely on facts, not spin. 2. News reporting should be useful, fun, and fearless. 3. A nimble news operation available across all digital platforms can attract viewers and make money. We offer a comprehensive benefits package including 401(k), PTO, Paid Holidays, MedicalDentalLife Insurance, LTD and FSA. We have 3 software engineer openings in our Manhattan offices 1. We are seeking to fill a developer role for DNAinfo.com with an experienced Front-End Engineer Expertise Skills we need - (Pure) JavaScript - JavaScript frameworks that go beyond jQuery (requireJS, Underscorehellip) - CSS and SCSS - XHTML HTML5 - Cross-browser compatibility Preferred Experience Tools we use - Amazon Web Services - Drupal - Compass - Handlebar templates - Bootstrap - Smarty templates - Adaptive responsive web design - Fontcustom - Grunt Additional Guidance Candidates will usually be knowledgeable and experienced in the following. - A variety of programming languages and web frameworks both desktop and mobile - Content Management Systems – WordPress, Django, we use Drupal - Familiarity with Unix and command line tools - Will have worked with SQL and perhaps noSQL databases - Comfortable with version source control systems such as Git or SVN - Needs to demonstrate technical curiosity and urge to learn outside of workplace domain. Other Qualifications - Helpful to have had experience in a smaller firm or startup - Team Fit is very important – candidate has to be collaborative and have a positive, can-do attitude - At least 5-7 years experience in a product oriented high performance environment - Preference for Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or relevant professional experience in software engineering. We are seeking to fill a hands-on developer role for DNAinfo.com with an experienced back-end full-stack engineer 2. Engineer role Expertise with Drupal. Will consider other CMS - WordPress, Django Expertise in PHP - typical candidate will be experienced in multiple desktop and mobile programming languages Python, Ruby, Java, Objective-C Experienced with Front end technologies JavaScript, JS Libraries, CSS, XHTML Multiple frameworks Zend, Symfony, Django, Rails, Node.js Relational DB experience expertise necessary MySQL, Oracle, MS SQL Server No-Sql database experience a plus MongoDB, Cassandra, Marklogic, Redis Git andor Mercurial source control experience required Experience with Unix and command line tools is required Experience with systems driving large scale traffic or highly transactional systems Preference for Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or relevant professional experience in software engineering. Experience with DevOps Tools - CI, Security, Testing, Release Management AWS experience a big plus Open source contributions on Github a big plus Helpful to have had experience in a smaller firm or startup Team Fit is very important – candidate has to demonstrate technical curiosity, be collaborative and have a positive, can-do attitude 3. Engineer role Multiple programming languages, ideally two or more of Python, Scala, Erlang, Ruby, Java. Python is best. Multiple frameworks (not always advertised) i.e. Tornado, Django, Play, Akka, Rails, Node.js No-sql database experience a plus, i.e.MongoDB, Cassandra, CouchBase, Marklogic, hellip Otherwise relational DB experience necessary MySQL, Postgres, Oracle, MS SQL Server AWS experience is a plus Git andor Mercurial source control experience required Open source contributions on Github Experience in a startup Experience with messaging queue systems i.e. Redis PubSub, RabbitMQ, IronMQ a plus Experience with realtime frameworks like socket.io and Tornado a plus Experience with systems driving large scale (large traffic or highly transactional systems) At least 3 years of experience with a CS degree, or at least 5 years experience wo. Pls. send resume to gheldhugollc.com mailtogheldhugollc.com Front End, Full Stack, Drupal, Enginee	Software Engineers	Hugo Enterprises, LLC	New York	NY	New York, NY	Dice	Sun, 11 Oct 2015 01:05:37 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=61937e0046e17ac4&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa2f5UJpniHyY0aNQMQlgR7TJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kee7dt18e85ti
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Technology drives our business — it's our main competitive advantage — and as a result, software engineers play a pivotal role. They tackle the hardest problems through analysis, experimentation, design, and elegant implementation. Software engineers at Two Sigma build what the organization needs to explore data's possibilities and act on our findings – to mine the past and attempt to predict the future. We create the tools at scale to enable vast data analysis; the technology we build enables us to engage in conversation with the data, and search for knowledge and insight. We champion a disciplined, collaborative, scientific approach which allows us to meet the immediate needs of the business, while innovating in a way that is constantly forward-looking and future-reaching. We attract engineers with a true passion for data. We seek individuals who want to build for today and invent for tomorrow. We value curiosity and insight, balanced with pragmatism and practicality. We recognize both the small steps, as well as the broad vision. Our challenges require mastery of areas such as, but not limited to: Kernel level development; Machine learning; Distributed systems. Requirements Include: A bachelor’s, master’s, or PhD degree in a technical or quantitative field. For internship roles, undergraduate or graduate students with approximately one year remaining in their academic programs. Experience with Java, C, C++, Python, Scala, or other languages that target the JVM. Experience in large-scale systems is highly desirable. Exceptional programming skills. Strong analytical and organizational skills. An obsession with building quality software. We are open-minded in our search for critical thinkers who are passionate about technology. While we analyze the data-rich domain of finance, financial experience is not a requirement. 	Software Engineer - Campus Hire	Two Sigma Investments, LLC.	New York	NY	New York, NY	Two Sigma Investments, LLC.	Mon, 07 Sep 2015 06:06:37 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=1fa2d39e794123f2&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa053LEXBOb0Mw41b9NFfuplJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3keebh219sj7nj
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Software Apps Development Engineer Location: New York, NY Duration: 3-4 months Description/Comment: Client makes the world’s daily habits inspiring and entertaining. By creating highly personalized experiences for our users, we keep people connected to what matters most to them, across devices and around the world. Your Day: - Produce production-quality code for high-impact, high-touch advertising campaigns - Take assets, mock ups and wireframes and build a functioning ad that captures the creative vision of the client - Collaborate with Sales Engineering and Ad Operations to ensure complete campaign fulfillment that exceeds client expectations A Lot About You: - BS in Computer Science or applicable experience, 3+ years of industry experience - Expertise in JavaScript, HTML5, CSS3 - Expertise in cross browser &amp; cross device troubleshooting and development - Expertise in JavaScript frameworks and browser technologies (desired) - Experience with design programs such as Adobe Photoshop and Illustrator (a plus but not required) - Display advertising experience and/or prior experience at a rich media advertising technology company - Ability to work in a dynamic team environment with extremely short turnaround times - Energy, passion, drive, and intense customer focus - Strong communication skills and sense of commitment and responsibility 	Software Apps Development Engineer	Iconma	New York	NY	New York, NY	Indeed	Thu, 01 Oct 2015 21:58:12 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=af078fae57bd7693&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa053LEXBOb0Mw41b9NFfuplJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3keebh219sj7nj
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Marketing used to be an exercise in one-to-many communication: billboards, magazine ads, and - more recently - having a powerful social media presence. At Custora, we’re helping to turn this model on its head, using mountains of data to help our customers direct the right campaigns to the right users rather than blasting the same message to the largest audience possible. Using predictive analytics, we deliver insights to our customers that have proven to be enormously valuable, and we are looking for talented front-end developers to help communicate these insights in ways that are both intuitive and actionable. Custora is a small but rapidly-growing company. Providing valuable insights to our customers through our dashboard is at the heart of the business, but we don’t currently have a dedicated team charged with managing it. Members of the front-end team will take ownership of all things client-side at Custora, contributing to each of the following areas: Building data visualization tools that give meaning to complex concepts and provide actionable insights to our customers Implementing the client-facing aspects of new features as they become available in our API, using the best technology available Creating special reports like the Custora Pulse to help us reach a wider audience Working directly with the design team to provide a uniform, modern look to all of our web-based experiences The stack While we make use of a wide variety of tools , our primary web stack is AngularJS and Ruby on Rails deployed on AWS. We make extensive use of R for statistical analysis, and our primary data stores are MySQL and Redis. Qualifications Degree in Computer Science, or a deep competency in Computer Science achieved via other means A love, or at least appreciation, of Javascript as a real, powerful language and experience deploying large-scale, production applications using it Experience with AngularJS or similar framework Proven track record working in a startup or other fast-paced environment High standards for code quality and maintainability Experience with data visualization using tools like d3 Familiarity with Ruby on Rails a major plus Excellent problem-solving skills Benefits Competitive Salary Generous equity Health and Dental 100% covered All lunches paid for by the company Flexible Vacation Policy - Take as much time as you need for vacation and sick days Our Interview Process We ask all engineering candidates to complete a short take-home project as the first step in our process. The project is designed to be a fun game that we hope you'll enjoy working on, and it will give us a good idea about how you approach problems like the ones we work on every day. Submit your application below, and we'll get back to you with the details of the project shortly.	Front-End Software Engineer	Custoria	New York	NY	New York, NY	Custoria	Fri, 11 Sep 2015 17:12:47 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=675816e6cd7860e4&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa053LEXBOb0Mw41b9NFfuplJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3keebh219sj7nj
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Our team of engineers builds solutions to the most complex problems. We develop cutting-edge systems and processes that form the core of our key business and enable transactions to move in milliseconds. We provide real-time access to critical deal information and crunch billions of data points each day to inform firm-wide market insights and strategies. Team members have the opportunity to work at the forefront of technology innovation alongside industry leaders and make significant contributions to the field. Messaging and Core Application engineering is seeking a desktop systems engineer responsible for managing the strategy for the Office Productivity application suite, Browsers and Productivity tools including the Adobe Creative Cloud publishing suite, Acrobat and multimedia runtime engines. This candidate will need a strong technical background in application configuration, packaging and troubleshooting as well as knowledge in deployment mechanisms, Windows, OSX operating systems and scripting languages. • Document and train technical teams on new solutions for deployment • Serve as 3rd level technical escalation point for client facing technology infrastructure Basic Qualifications • Experience with the packaging and deployment of Microsoft Office suite • Experience with Browser management across, security settings, zones, protocols, etc. • Understanding of Internet Proxies, DLP and categorization • Experience with Cloud offerings across Microsoft, Google and Amazon • Understanding of group policy management, login scripts, delegation and scope • Experience with Windows Update Services, SCUP or SCCM • Ability to discuss complex technological solutions across the spectrum of vendor product managers and end users • Understanding of Application Virtualization versus containerization • History of working with complex environments • Familiarity with Microsoft Volume Licensing, MSDN, Software Assurance and activation • Experience with the Windows operating system, registry, file system and security protocols • Experience with scripting languages including PowerShell and VBScript Preferred Qualifications • Bachelor Degree – Computer Science or Information Systems preferred • Microsoft Certifications preferred • Experiencing managing a team of systems engineers preferred Goldman Sachs is an equal employment/affirmative action employer Female/Minority/Disability/Vet. © The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., 2015. All rights reserved.	Technology - Technology Infrastructure - Client Services - Desktop Software Engineer	Goldman Sachs	Jersey City	NJ	Jersey City, NJ	Goldman Sachs	Fri, 30 Oct 2015 13:40:08 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=57fb64d100a80657&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa053LEXBOb0Mw41b9NFfuplJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3keebh219sj7nj
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	My client with offices in NYC is looking to add a Mobile SDET to his team. His firm is a Global market leader in online video, is located in midtown. I have added the job description below so you can review. Please shoot your resume over so we could have a quick conversation. I could give you a bit more information about the position and you can tell me what youre looking for. Look forward to connecting with you. Located Midtown NYC Full Time Compensation up to 120kYr depends on past experience Top 30 Companies to work for in NYC 100 Fully paid benefits from the start Unlimited Vacation Days What theyre looking for Youx0027ve had previous experience as an iOS andor Android app developer Youx0027ve successfully implemented new testingautomation tools and processes from scratch with testing tools such as Selenium, Appium, Robotium, KIF Experience with Android SDK, Cocoa Touch, and back-end languages (Objective-C or Swift, Java) Experience testing mobile apps, popular AndroidiOS devices, SDKs andor APIs Experience using code repositories and CI tools, such as Git, Jenkins, Maven, Cocoapods, Gradle, or similar Skilled in analyzing requirements acceptance criteria, determining new test cases that should be created and identifying regression test cases to be updated Bachelor of Science in Computer Engineering, Computer Science or equivalent What you would actually be doing Work closely with the Product and Engineering teams to refine acceptance criteria, write detailed test plans, and buildmaintain detailed test cases Execute hands-on functional testing and regression tests on the iOS Android SDKs and demo apps Implement test harnesses and automation tools that provide ways to validate and speed up integration testing Identify opportunities to scale our test practices and drive those from concept to implementation including roll-out and team education Work as part of a scrum team in an agile environment Regards, Gregory DeFiore SANS Consulting tel212-616-480020x310 212-616-4800 x310 tel212-616-480020x310 mailtogregorysans.com gregorysans.com mailtogregorysans.com Mobile, IOS, ANDROID, TESTING, AUTOMATION, QUALITY ASSURANCE, BACK OFFICE, JAVA, SWIFT, OBJECTIVE C	Software Development Engineer in Test, Mobile	SANS Consulting Services, Inc	New York	NY	New York, NY	Dice	Sat, 17 Oct 2015 00:21:41 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=25b3047cd343e5e9&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa053LEXBOb0Mw41b9NFfuplJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3keebh219sj7nj
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Our client, a market leader and technology innovator, is seeking talented professionals to deliver cutting edge solutions to their customers. Well-respected, with a global presence, our client consistently offers a powerful and robust portfolio of products, services and solutions that help customers successfully execute their missions in today’s dynamic environment. With unsurpassed engineering, using an open systems approach, our client solves the nation’s most complex challenges while foreseeing future needs. Software Engineer Florham, NJ 2015-2414 Responsibilities Software Engineers conduct or participate in the research, design and development of systems software, software applications andor tools for new programs and subprograms. Responsibilities also include enhancements, modifications and corrections to existing software. In addition, these employees are responsible for coding, testing, integrating and documenting software solutions. The candidate should have some knowledge or familiarity with at least three (3) of the following Programming Languages C Programming Language C++ Programming Language Python Object-Oriented Programming Network Programming TCP, UDP, IP, Ethernet, etc. Sockets GUI Programming Software Development Lifecycle Agile Scrum Software Requirements Analysis Design Code Test Operating Systems Windows Linux System Command and Control Telecom SONET, PDH, TL1, etc. Device Drivers and Device Integration Qualifications Must be able to obtain a TSSCI Clearance. Because this is a Government Contract, you must be a U.S. Citizen for consideration. Preferred Experience Includes Qt Programming Environment Event-Driven Programming Real-Time Programming Embedded Systems Programming Multi-Threaded Programming FPGA-Related Programming Hardware Interfaces RS-232, USB, Ethernet, etc... Embedded Computers ATCA, cPCI, AMC, etc... IDEs Eclipse Qt NetBeans Microsoft Visual Studio Source Code Control Git Subversion ClearCase Database Programming MySQL Optics Domain Experience Candidates must show a passion for innovation, a sophisticated understanding of software systems and applications, and the ability to effectively manage, grow and evolve General Dynamics Mission Systems' software solutions. Education and Experience Bachelor's degree in Software Engineering, Computer Science, or a equivalent field and zero to two years of related experience. Candidates with a master's degree also qualify. Conditions of Employment Applicants selected for employment will be required to pass a pre-employment drug screening and background investigation which may include education, criminal and work history verifications. About Our Company Moseley Technical Services, Inc. is dedicated to providing our clients with a high standard of quality products and services. For two decades, our reputation has been built on this dedication and the long-term relationships developed with some of the most prestigious companies in the aerospace and defense industries. These business relationships give you the opportunity to not only find a job but to find one you can value and enjoy. We will be dedicated to you and to making your career a success. Accepted applicants will have the opportunity to be eligible for benefits, including medical and supplemental insurance and a 401K. Appreciation and gratitude for employees is a hallmark of organizations with low turnover. Moseley Technical Services, Inc. is an affirmative action and equal opportunity employer. Join a team that values your experience! c++, python, linux, windows, telecom	Software Engineer	Moseley Technical Services, Inc.	Florham Park	NJ	Florham Park, NJ	Dice	Fri, 06 Nov 2015 15:42:06 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=04f7eb1e16818354&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa053LEXBOb0Mw41b9NFfuplJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3keebh219sj7nj
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	One of the leaders in a growing EdTech sector is looking for a creative software engineer with a background in the Microsoft stack as well as modern API technology. While a main stay in the edtech space for the last 20+ years the shift to a digital focus model over the last couple years has really pushed them to the forefront of EdTech. If your looking for a great firm, with a great team in a high growth industry this is the place for you. The Head of Digital has put a tremendous focus on working with not only current but cutting edge technologies and has put an emphasis on building a world class engineering organization. Mobile, Streaming, Web, and cloud technology are just the tip of the iceberg. Some of the technologies you'll be working with include ASP.net/MVC, Angular, Node, Mongo....... Some of the work you'll be doing: Design and build websites, web services, and mobile applications. Strong focus on building modern API's Deploy new features and perform Unit testing Interested in working on fast-paced, agile technology teams A team player and strong problem-solver to work with a team of other software engineers, project managers, business analysts and QA analysts What they look for: Detailed knowledge of web service and Modern API construction Extensive experience with modern web stack technologies, including detailed knowledge of HTML, JavaScript, libraries, and MV* frameworks) Expert programming skills and object-oriented design experience (Java or .NET/C#), including strong knowledge of core libraries and common design patterns Dedicated to the practice of unit testing (on both server and client), IoC, and mocking Knowledge of relational databases, specifically MySQL or SQL Server Knowledge of NoSQL and caching technologies, such as MongoDB, Redis, CouchDB, or Membase Experience with the entire software lifecycle - requirements capture, analysis, design, implementation, quality assurance, deployment, and maintenance Experience with large-scale production systems (i.e. scalability, high-availability), with the ability to optimize architecture and implementation across all layers of architecture Motivated Leadership team looking for team players with a passion to think outside the box. 100-115K, great work/life balance, and amazing perks and benefits *LI- JH1	Software Engineer - API Team	Infusive Solutions	New York	NY	New York, NY	Infusive Solutions	Fri, 02 Oct 2015 15:00:56 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=453f0b55eeb9337e&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa053LEXBOb0Mw41b9NFfuplJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3keebh219sj7nj
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	About Us: SRSsoft is at the crossroads of two growth industries – healthcare and technology. Growing at a rate of over 100% per year, we provide tremendous opportunities for career progression. SRS is changing the face of healthcare by providing physicians the tools (electronic health records, practice management, and patient portal) to deliver enhanced and safer patient care at lower cost. We are a team of passionate, smart and fun individuals, driven by a desire to produce the best product and provide the best customer experience in the electronic health records industry. Our clients love us and our employee retention is phenomenal – we believe there is a strong connection between the two and we work hard to provide a great atmosphere for those who join the SRS team. Competitive compensation, lots of recognition and promotion from within, and a supportive, team-based atmosphere are part of our secret sauce. SRS is ranked among the Fastest Growing Companies in North America on Deloitte's Technology Fast 500™ and has been named to the Inc. 5000 List of Fastest-Growing Private Companies. We are proud to be a Microsoft Gold Partner. The wellbeing of our staff is critical, so of course we offer a full range of health related benefits including medical, dental, vision, 401K and flexible spending accounts. We also offer work-life benefits such as summer hours, casual dress code, an on-site café, ping pong de-stressor breaks and lots of free snacks! About the Role: As a Senior Software Engineer, you will help design, develop, and implement the code for our award winning EHR. We do not hire our senior staff based on a specific list of buzzwords, technologies, or popular acronyms on your resume. Right now we use C#, ASP.NET WebAPI (for REST), Windows Services, JavaScript, XHTML, CSS, and SQL Server to develop SRS EHR and its supporting services. In the future we may be using something completely new. Whatever technologies, languages, or development environments you've been using, we expect you have mastered them in depth, and we expect that you will be able to master any technology, language, or development environment that we need in the future. Qualifications: We expect to see: Exceptional software engineering skills and a track record of getting stuff done Solid C# &amp; T-SQL development skills Strong experience in at least one of the following Our server-side web development stack (ASP.NET / WebAPI) Our service layer (WCF / Windows Services) Up-to-date, in-depth knowledge of modern HTML, CSS and JS / jQuery Conscientious about performance, concurrency, and robustness in all application tiers We like to see (but not required): Evidence of passion for building great software: Hobby projects, Forum or QA site participation, or any other means of demonstrating your outstanding passion for developing great software Experience with Health Care industry technologies: HL7, CDA, CQM, Direct / XDR, FHIR, etc. Joel Test score: 9 out of 12 Do you use source control? ü Can you make a build in one step? ü Do you make daily builds? ü Do you have a bug database? ü Do you have an up-to-date schedule? ü Do you have a spec? ü Do programmers have quiet working conditions? ü Do you have testers? ü Do new candidates write code during their interview? ü Options: Apply for this job online Apply Refer Email this job to a friend Email Refer a LinkedIn connection Share on your newsfeed Connect With Us: Not ready to apply? Connect with us for general consideration.	Senior Software Engineer - .NET	SRSsoft	Montvale	NJ	Montvale, NJ	SRSsoft	Fri, 02 Oct 2015 20:58:38 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=686500fd43e65416&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa053LEXBOb0Mw41b9NFfuplJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3keebh219sj7nj
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Title: Entry Level - Software Engineer (.NET) Location: New York, NY Duration: Full Time Job Description: Responsibilities include: Supporting technology projects throughout the planning and delivery cycles. Deliver software development improvements. Support the development of Syntel’s best practices. Qualifications include: Bachelors, or Master’s Degree in Computer Science or related field. Excellent verbal communication and written, with active listening and summarization skills. Knowledge and experience of gathering data for requirements and use case development. Research and gather both business and technology requirements to support project initiatives. Perform analysis of existing or new processes to determine how to best enable and implement. Respond to Intersystem impact requests to get the impacted stake holders. Work closely with a highly synergized team of Project Managers and Technical resources. Ensure comprehensive, timely and quality delivery of all requests. Works with business facing analysis to determine and translate business requirements into technology solutions. Lead end-to-end research and analysis across multiple teams. Work closely with clients/customers to ensure alignment on technical solution. Ensure that all documentation meets/aligns with required compliance standards. Coordinate and monitor end-to-end testing activities. Responsible for the quality of deliverables in terms of the analysis report, technical design documentation, and the adherence to technical compliance standards. Excellent judgmental, interpersonal, communication skills and followthrough. Active listening and summarization skills. Proactively influencing, advising, and collaborating with Business and Technologies partners at all levels. Willingness to relocate. Experience with any software technology: C++, JAVA, .net is a plus. About Our Company : Syntel INC. - Nationwide leading IT Outsourcing, IT consulting, and BPO firm offering managed IT services, Enterprise Business Solutions and Collaborative client partnerships. “Small enough to listen, Big enough to deliver”…. Let me brief you about this fast growing IT Corporation. We are into IT Application &amp; outsourcing. We are NASDAQ listed, and CMM Level 5 Co. We have been in the industry since 1980. Our revenue is estimated at $ 824 million with the staff strength of 23,000 + Global Workforce . Our Development centers are situated across the Globe - USA (Arizona, Tennessee, Maryland, Oregon, North Carolina, New York, and Michigan), Germany, Singapore, UK, and India. 	Entry Level - Software Engineer (.NET)	SYNTEL	New York	NY	New York, NY	Indeed	Fri, 09 Oct 2015 13:55:20 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=d6709d7e6f5883df&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa053LEXBOb0Mw41b9NFfuplJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3keebh219sj7nj
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Position Description S&amp;P Capital IQ Software Engineer Department Overview The S&amp;P Capital IQ Technology organization strives to provide both opportunity and competitive advantage through a combination of world class service, execution and innovation. The group provides product development, engineering, technical and operational support services aligned with the S&amp;P Capital IQ business. A significant portion of the products and services we support are mission critical from a customer and divisional business perspective as they deliver the tools necessary for our employees and our customers to do their jobs. Position Description As a Software Engineer, you’ll be involved in the full life cycle of our product development, from design to release. You’ll find yourself participating in the design and code review process, writing and debugging. You’ll have the opportunity to work with the latest technologies and will be recognized for your innovation, problem solving skills and ability to deliver technical software solutions to real world problems. You’ll quickly recognize that your peers exude a take-charge attitude towards problems and thrive for excellence in a fast-paced environment. Location Options New York, NY South Brunswick, NJ Qualifications Rising senior currently enrolled at an accredited college or university; minimum 3.0 GPA Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or other applicable disciplines preferred. Non-technical majors also considered Permanent U.S. work authorization is required Smart, intellectually curious; ability to adapt to new technologies and learn quickly Detailed oriented; analytical with problem solving abilities Professional and energetic; comfortable working in a fast paced environment Strong communication skills; able to work in a team environment Familiarity with data structures, algorithms, object oriented programming and one or more of the following: C# / .NET / Java / JEE / PHP JavaScript / AJAX / jQuery SQL Server / Oracle / Vertica / Solr / Lucene / Hadoop Web Services / Cloud Computing About S&amp;P Capital IQ and McGraw Hill Financial S&amp;P Capital IQ is a leading provider of multi-asset class and real time data, research, and analytics. A career at S&amp;P Capital IQ puts you in a position to be essential to institutional investors, investment advisors and wealth managers around the world. Learn more at http://www.mhfi.com/careers/our-brands/sp-capital-iq McGraw Hill Financial includes Standard &amp; Poor’s Ratings Services, S&amp;P Capital IQ, S&amp;P Dow Jones Indices, J.D. Power and Platts. Together, we’re the foremost providers of essential intelligence for the capital and commodities markets. McGraw Hill Financial is an equal opportunity employer committed to making all employment decisions on the basis of merit, capability and equality of opportunity, and without regard to race/ethnicity, gender, pregnancy, gender identity or expression, color, creed, religion, national origin, age, disability, marital status (including domestic partnerships and civil unions), sexual orientation, military veteran status, unemployment status, or any other basis prohibited by federal, state or local law, or any other characteristic that has no bearing on a person’s ability to perform his or her job. Only electronic job submissions will be considered for employment. If you need an accommodation during the application process due to a disability, please send an email to aapteam@mhfi.com. and your request will be forwarded to the appropriate person. The EEO is the Law Poster http://www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/pdf/eeopost.pdf describes discrimination protections under federal	S&P Capital IQ Software Engineer	S&P CAPITAL IQ	New York	NY	New York, NY	S&P Capital IQ	Thu, 03 Sep 2015 04:16:08 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=e225718c19e9ccbd&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa053LEXBOb0Mw41b9NFfuplJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3keebh219sj7nj
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Position Description S&amp;P Capital IQ Architecture Software Engineer Department Overview The S&amp;P Capital IQ Technology organization strives to provide both opportunity and competitive advantage through a combination of world class service, execution and innovation. The group provides product development, engineering, technical and operational support services aligned with the S&amp;P Capital IQ business. A significant portion of the products and services we support are mission critical from a customer and divisional business perspective as they deliver the tools necessary for our employees and our customers to do their jobs. Position Description As a Software Engineer Architecture, you’ll join a premier team of subject matter experts that provide best practices on technology for software application development. You’ll be exposed to developing architecture and design for business applications, researching emerging tools and cutting-edge technologies and their use in competitive space, running proof-of-concept on selective technologies and vendor products and determining opportunities for business value from their use. As in all roles within the technology team at S&amp;P Capital IQ, you’ll work with the latest technologies and get recognized for innovation and delivery. Team members exude a take-charge attitude towards problems and thrive for excellence. Location Options New York, NY South Brunswick, NJ Qualifications Rising senior currently enrolled at an accredited college or university; minimum 3.0 GPA B.S. (or above) in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or other applicable disciplines preferred Permanent U.S. work authorization is required Smart, intellectually curious; ability to adapt to new technologies and learn quickly Detail oriented; analytical with problem solving abilities Professional and energetic; comfortable working in a fast paced environment Strong communication skills; able to work in a team environment Familiarity with one or more of the following technologies: C++/C# / ASP.NET / Java / PHP / SQL / MSSQL JavaScript / AJAX / jQuery SQL Server / Solr / Lucene / Hadoop Web Services / Cloud Computing / Virtualization Knowledge of application, database, network and system analysis and design About S&amp;P Capital IQ and McGraw Hill Financial S&amp;P Capital IQ is a leading provider of multi-asset class and real time data, research, and analytics. A career at S&amp;P Capital IQ puts you in a position to be essential to institutional investors, investment advisors and wealth managers around the world. Learn more at http://www.mhfi.com/careers/our-brands/sp-capital-iq McGraw Hill Financial includes Standard &amp; Poor’s Ratings Services, S&amp;P Capital IQ, S&amp;P Dow Jones Indices, J.D. Power and Platts. Together, we’re the foremost providers of essential intelligence for the capital and commodities markets. McGraw Hill Financial is an equal opportunity employer committed to making all employment decisions on the basis of merit, capability and equality of opportunity, and without regard to race/ethnicity, gender, pregnancy, gender identity or expression, color, creed, religion, national origin, age, disability, marital status (including domestic partnerships and civil unions), sexual orientation, military veteran status, unemployment status, or any other basis prohibited by federal, state or local law, or any other characteristic that has no bearing on a person’s ability to perform his or her job. Only electronic job submissions will be considered for employment. If you need an accommodation during the application process due to a disability, please send an email to aapteam@mhfi.com. and your request will be forwarded to the appropriate person. The EEO is the Law Poster http://www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/pdf/eeopost.pdf describes discrimination protections under federal	S&P Capital IQ Architecture Software Engineer	S&P CAPITAL IQ	New York	NY	New York, NY	S&P Capital IQ	Thu, 03 Sep 2015 04:16:02 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=ef51200fb5e3fc02&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa053LEXBOb0Mw41b9NFfuplJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3keebh219sj7nj
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Responsibilities: Be capable of designing enterprise level software Have knowledge of professional software engineering practices &amp; best practices for the full software development life cycle, including coding standards, code reviews, source control management, build processes, testing, and operations Possess the ability to understand existing (and undocumented) designs, solutions, and applications, and apply that knowledge towards designing and implementing technical solutions Have excellent understanding of application servers, multi-tier architectures ( presentation to persistence ) Have ability to work directly with the client, walk-through architecture and design reviews, understand business requirements Have a "do whatever it takes attitude”, dedication to quality, ability to work independently, and attention to detail Have excellent communication, sharp analytical abilities and proven design skills Required Skills: Qualified candidate will…: Possess 3-6 years professional experience in software development Have solid Java coding skills with hands on experience, including: Server side Java/JEE programming and JEE Servlet/JSP development Java/J2EE Framework development and design experience using Spring, JMS, JNDI, XML, XSLT, RMI, and JDBC, Junit, JQuery, JavaScript, AJAX, Struts, JSF, and Hibernate) Object-oriented design and related tools Understand web services such as SOAP-based web services (XML), AXIS2, HTTP, WSDL, XSD, and REST Possess in-depth knowledge of databases and ORM solutions. Experience with SQL / PL-SQL and Oracle is required Hands on knowledge of any one of the following appservers (Websphere/Sun/Weblogic/JBoss) is required Familiarity with writing stored procedures and ad hoc SQL queries	Sr. Software Engineer - Java	Net2Source	Jersey City	NJ	Jersey City, NJ	Net2Source	Tue, 20 Oct 2015 03:33:03 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=e633d24f0ee7bbb0&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa053LEXBOb0Mw41b9NFfuplJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3keebh219sj7nj
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Oscar engineering is building modern software to provide an innovative and unique healthcare experience. Our mobile engineers are at the forefront of the movement, reimagining the way people interact with their health insurance in the real world. --------------- Sample Projects --------------- Bluetooth integration with third-party fitness trackers Pixel-perfect insurance cards Telemedicine integration so members can talk to doctors 24/7 Health timeline containing information about past doctor visits, prescriptions, customer service messages, and more Find detailed information on thousands of doctors and drugs Route members to the appropriate care based on medical condition ------------------- Our Ideal Candidate ------------------- Has experience with native Android development Writes efficient, readable, and maintainable code Thinks deeply about best practices, design patterns, and good architectural decisions Has a keen eye for design Cares deeply about the user Enjoys working closely with product, design, and other engineering teams Is passionate about exploring and leveraging new technologies Understanding of web technologies and API design are a bonus 	Software Engineer: Android	Oscar	New York	NY	New York, NY	OSCAR	Wed, 16 Sep 2015 05:48:47 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=2904e1e1f710708e&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa053LEXBOb0Mw41b9NFfuplJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3keebh219sj7nj
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Job Summary Education BS or MS in Computer Science or related discipline Career Level Senior Job Type Full-Time Positions Available 2 Job Description Job Responsibilities The Software Security Testing Engineer will: Analyze, assess and identify cybersecurity and operational threats and vulnerabilities in iconectiv product and services’ software architecture and associated SDLC activities in delivering the customer service Develop and document testing and analysis capabilities and methodologies to address the different types of security testing (e.g., vulnerability scanning, penetration testing) required for the software, systems and networks including third party products and services Use security testing and assessment tools and methodologies to perform independent verification and validation (IV&amp;V) of the security of systems, applications, networks and data bases. This entails designing, documenting and executing security test cases to identify vulnerabilities and document prioritized findings and recommended risk mitigation solutions Work with iconectiv software developers and operations staff and third parties to remediate the vulnerabilities Required Experience with Agile software development, different software languages and tools, UNIX, Linux and Windows platforms and data bases systems Experience analyzing software code for vulnerabilities using static, dynamic and other security testing techniques Experience with vulnerability scanning and testing tools, interpreting results and prioritizing findings based on risk level High level analytical skills and strong software technical skills Ability to understand, interpret and analyze diverse SDLC activities from a cybersecurity perspective Strong IT and Software Security knowledge and cybersecurity best practices Minimum 5-years of experience in Information Security with a focus on software and security testing. U.S. citizen with the ability to get a government clearance if required Inquire about this position Attach CV / Resumé Enter the text you see below Contact Information For more information about working at GlobalLogic, feel free to contact us directly. United States Recruiting +1 408 273 8900 careers-us@globallogic.com See our Contact page for numbers and addresses in other cities and countries.	Software Security Testing Engineer_IC	GlobalLogic, Inc.	Piscataway	NJ	Piscataway, NJ	GlobalLogic, Inc.	Wed, 30 Sep 2015 07:50:24 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=f02b3cef0fc8f2ef&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa053LEXBOb0Mw41b9NFfuplJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3keebh219sj7nj
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	About the Position : As a leading cloud automation and managed services provider, we are looking for a skilled software engineer to provide end-to-end support of Logicworks’ internal and client facing software applications and system integration projects. You’ll work with cutting-edge technologies, assist with innovative products, and serve as a resident expert amongst some of the most talented engineers in the industry. What You’ll Do: Take ownership of specific development initiatives and roadmaps Interface with service teams and design solutions integrating new product requirements and third-party partner solutions with existing systems Make architectural decisions concerning the software including how it will be moved from design process to incremental releases.new software strategies; from selecting frameworks and languages to design and release cycles Maintain and extend internally developed integrated inventory management, CRM, and ticketing system (PHP, jQuery, Postgres).Assist the rest of the team to resolve issues and assist in automating performance, regression, and unit testing of the software. Interface with product development teams and develop solutions integrating new product requirements and third-party partner solutions with existing systems. Independently architect and develop interfaces and logic for inward and outward facinginternal services and APIs, optimize internal applications for speed and high-availability, and keep abreast of and apply the latest Open Source technologies where warranted Maintain and extend internally developed integrated inventory management, CRM, and ticketing system (PHP, jQuery, Postgres) About You This position is not for everyone. We are looking for an experienced engineer well versed in software product development, platform creation, open-source products and who has built big, distributed, API-driven systems. You should understand the challenges associated with operating a large-scale system in production, and your designs and implementations should reflect that understanding. You should be passionate about solving complex engineering problems and looking to work on top projects with top-notch talent. What You Should Have For This Role Bachelor’s Degree from an accredited four year college or university in computer science, IT, engineering or equivalent experience Proficient in web design, and 3+ years of experience with PHP, jQuery, DHTML/CSS, designing/working with MVC frameworks, and PostgreSQL (Perl, Python, NoSQL, and/or Scala experience is a plus) 5+ years’ experience developing in Linux/Unix environments Must be a team player with the ability to manage multiple projects, prioritize effectively Must be a highly creative, motivated self-starter with proven experience in troubleshooting and solving complex problems And most importantly - a passion to develop software that delivers! What’s In It for You? Along with a competitive salary, and additional perks (ie: great benefits, happy hours, lunches, flexible hours), you’ll have the opportunity to collaborate and grow with a team of certified engineers (over 60+ AWS certifications company-wide; 4 pro certified engineers). Voted Crain’s New York Business Best Places to Work in NYC three consecutive years, you’ll enjoy the best of both worlds: start-up environment with established company resources. Everyone has a voice at Logicworks and we are open to new ways of thinking, especially those that will contribute to our overall success. Opinions and ideas are always welcome, in fact, they are encouraged! About Logicworks We have worked with enterprise clients for over 22 years to solve complex IT infrastructure problems with a software-driven approach to managed services. Our team of certified engineers apply cloud automation best practices to enable greater performance, guarantee availability, and increase security of clients' cloud environments. Our clients face complex challenges that require smart solutions, and our continued success can be directly attributed to our talented team. We invest heavily in great technology and even greater in professionals and engineers to ensure we have a state of the art IT and business toolkit with which to design solutions for the markets we serve.	Senior Software Engineer	Logicworks	New York	NY	New York, NY	Logicworks	Wed, 26 Aug 2015 22:07:38 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=6ba8d4b9c113d5e8&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa053LEXBOb0Mw41b9NFfuplJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3keebh219sj7nj
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	About the Role: Our Consumer Insights team creates tools, automates processes, and surfaces insights from our clients’ customers’ activities on various social networks, enabling our Advanced Solutions team to be the most effective social advertising team in the World. We’re looking for a self-starter software engineer who can identify key opportunities to make our Advanced Solutions team more efficient, and prototype (and iterate on) lightweight solutions to deliver on those opportunities. Ultimately it’s up to the Consumer Insights team (with input from key stakeholders) to decide which problems to solve and how to build solutions to solve the various problems faced by our internal teams/clients. Where you can make an impact: Collaborate with a small team of engineers to identify, prioritize, and deliver solutions for key problems faced by the World’s best social advertising team. Develop a deep understanding of the major social media platforms, and build reporting solutions and tools that integrate with their APIs to provide timely deliverables to Fortune 100 clients. Collaborate with stakeholders companywide to create efficacy through insights or engineering. Requirements: What do you need for the day to day? BS in Computer Science, Math, Engineering, and/or related field or equivalent experience At least 2 years of industry experience working in a data/analytics-heavy environment, designing and developing internal tools Proficient with Python using Pandas, Numpy, matplotlib Ability to take complete ownership of projects, from idea to implementation to testing and release. Proven ability to manage multiple projects at a time while paying strict attention to detail on each. Self-starter who is comfortable with loose requirements and a rapidly-changing environment. Must be proficient working in a Linux/MacOS environment. Bonus Points: Frontend experience (Django/Flask/JS/HTML5/CSS) Github/AWS SQL NoSQL Experience using APIs, authenticating with oauth/oauth2 About us: SocialCode is a technology and insights company that manages digital advertising for the world's leading consumer brands across the world’s largest social platforms: Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, &amp; Pinterest. We are a subsidiary of Graham Holdings Company (formerly The Washington Post Company), but operate independently. We have an open office environment that fosters a free exchange of ideas and we’re looking to add more bright, enthusiastic talent eager to make a big impact on our business. What we offer: Competitive compensation and equity Quarterly bonus eligibility Medical, dental and vision coverage 401(K) &amp; Pension Generous, flexible vacation Happy Hours, Monthly &amp; Team Building Events Catered lunches and in-office snack surplus 	Software Engineer	SocialCode	New York	NY	New York, NY	SocialCode	Wed, 09 Sep 2015 16:55:45 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=1179453bdb01d9ee&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa053LEXBOb0Mw41b9NFfuplJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3keebh219sj7nj
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Job Summary Education BS or MS in Computer Science or related discipline Career Level Senior Job Type Full-Time Positions Available 1 Job Description Job Responsibilities The Software Security Engineer will: Enhance the security, resilience, and reliability of Software and Service Delivery systems. Analyze, assess and identify cybersecurity and operational threats and vulnerabilities in the software architecture and associated SDLC activities in delivering service. Develop and document testing and analysis capabilities and methodologies to address the different types of security testing for the software, systems and networks including third party products and services Implement tools and recommend countermeasures to protect from and remedy detected software and infrastructure vulnerabilities Investigate and utilize new technologies and processes to enhance security capabilities and implement improvements, consistent with the iconectiv IT Security Plan Required Experience with Agile software development, different software languages and tools, UNIX, Linux and Windows platforms and data bases systems High level analytical skills and strong software technical skills Ability to understand, interpret and analyze diverse SDLC activities from a cybersecurity perspective Strong IT and Software Security knowledge within Telecommunication industry and cybersecurity best practices Minimum 5-years of experience in Information Security with a focus on software and security testing. U.S. citizen with the ability and willingness to get a government clearance if required Inquire about this position Attach CV / Resumé Enter the text you see below Contact Information For more information about working at GlobalLogic, feel free to contact us directly. United States Recruiting +1 408 273 8900 careers-us@globallogic.com See our Contact page for numbers and addresses in other cities and countries.	Software Security Engineer_IC	GlobalLogic, Inc.	Piscataway	NJ	Piscataway, NJ	GlobalLogic, Inc.	Wed, 30 Sep 2015 07:50:24 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=689d285702334673&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa053LEXBOb0Mw41b9NFfuplJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3keebh219sj7nj
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	We are currently looking for an expert Software Engineer with Python or Java experience to join our Engineering team. Job Overview: As a Software Engineer, you will work in a collaborative team environment that encourages you to perform at your best, and challenges you to engineer elegant solutions for complex business problems. You will architect, design and develop robust software systems with unit and systems testing. You will need to be able to quickly learn and use new technologies, troubleshoot difficult problems and be an expert with the software lifecycle including scoping and estimation of requirements along with writing of technical documentation. Technology we use: Github Enterprise, Continuous Integration, Jenkins, Python, Django, Celery, Django Rest Framework, SQLAlchemy, Redis, MongoDB and vagrant. We make use of modern processes and technologies wherever possible, including Github Pull Requests for code review, continuous deployment to our test environments, strict adherence to best practices, recommended code style and layout (PEP-8) and a strong drive around unit testing all our code. This gives us the confidence and ability to make significant refactoring changes across a large codebase quickly, without fear of having broken some code somewhere else. Responsibilities: Coding of SaaS applications in an Agile development environment Developing automated tests, predicting areas of risk, and coordinating with our QA staff to achieve the best blend of error prevention and error detection possible Collaborate with other developers on best practices, code reviews, internal tools and process improvements Guide, coach and mentor team members as required, assisting in the team’s skills development during software development projects Ability to work independently; designing, developing and deploying solutions, and to deliver projects on time with minimal direction Skills and Experience: Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or related field or equivalent experience. 3 - 5 years of related work experience. 3 4 years of total experience in object oriented web development (OOD) 2+ years of experience of web development with Python/Django At least 2 years of Java or other OOD web technology Experience with both UI and backend development including using one ORM technology Understanding of Web Services or ESB is a plus Experience with Apache, Jboss, or Tomcat is a plus 2+ years of experience with development work on Linux Experience using development tools include source control (SVN, Git, Mercurial), IDEs, and defect tracking tools Ability and desire to learn new skills and technologies are essential	Software Engineer (Python/Java)	Infinity Consulting Solutions	Lake Success	NY	Lake Success, NY	Infinity Consulting Solutions	Fri, 16 Oct 2015 21:24:21 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=3f33498bf130c608&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa053LEXBOb0Mw41b9NFfuplJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3keebh219sj7nj
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	What you’ll do: Join the engineering team that works with innovative technologies in a fast-paced and creative environment. We may offer relocation packages if you do not live nearby. You will be responsible for designing and developing the next generation of immersive video collaboration apps for Vidyo. Collaborate with a small, autonomous team of developers, designers, and product owners to find end-to-end solutions to important problems Who you are: You have a Master’s and/or Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering or equivalent. You have at least 5 years of professional experience developing user facing apps in Objective-C/Swift for iOS and Java/C for Android. You have used AVFoundation, CoreGraphics, CoreMedia, MediaPlayer &amp; UIKit frameworks in iOS You’ve used XCode to build apps for iOS and OS X and used Instruments to find memory leaks, optimize your apps. You are so passionate about building apps for iOS that you have been to WWDC even though you didn’t get in. You are strong in Data Structures and Algorithms. You can talk for hours about the differences between tries and b-trees and why one is better than the other. You have built apps for multiple form factors (iPhone 4, iPhone 6, 6+, iPad Air etc) from an idea and have launched them on the AppStore. You equally love Android and enjoy writing apps for Android Phones and tablets. You have a deep understanding of Android Activity LifeCycle and have used Fragments. You have built apps that use JNI (Java Native Interface) and have a deep understanding about Java memory management and garbage collection in Android. You know how to write readable, maintainable, performant object-oriented Java Please forward your resume to careers@vidyo.com . Reference Mobile in subject line.	Senior Software Engineer (Mobile)	Vidyo	Hackensack	NJ	Hackensack, NJ	Vidyo	Thu, 29 Oct 2015 09:28:54 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=95dcb65a859325a0&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa053LEXBOb0Mw41b9NFfuplJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3keebh219sj7nj
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Software Engineer – API and Infrastructure ListenFirst Media ListenFirst Media (LFM) is looking for mid to senior-level software engineers to work on the infrastructure and platform architecture that connects LFM's end-user applications and backend data systems. The ideal candidate is not only capable of discussing good and bad API designs, but has also experienced the ramifications of those design decisions through integrating frontend and backend components. Strong computer science fundamentals and an interest in systems is a must. ListenFirst is a social media analytics startup founded in 2012. Software engineers at ListenFirst have the satisfaction of knowing that their efforts play a critical role in the success of a small but growing company. Come join a team filled with incredibly talented individuals who are focused on a singular goal: building the stickiest analytics that marketing executives in Fortune 500 companies are reliant upon. Required Skills: strong knowledge of modern API design (be prepared to discuss examples) strong computer science fundamentals provable programming prowess, preferably in Ruby, or C/C++ strong understanding of DBMS and SQL passion for writing tight, non-complex code strong experience with Linux full stack web development experience ability to analyze, troubleshoot and design experiments to quickly validate ideas experience with a sizable source code base and version control systems (git preferred) an eagerness to leverage colleagues as thought partners Desirable Skills: experience building and integrating AJAX applications with 1st and 3rd party APIs experience developing and maintaining external and internal APIs that: receives simultaneous, bursty and occasional high-bandwidth connection requests fulfills data requests by accessing multiple backend systems: dbms, data warehouse, various key-value stores software engineering practices cloud experience, preferably AWS Education Level: baccalaureate degree preferably in computer science or other analytic subject area; masters or doctorate degree holders are also encouraged to apply. Responsibilities: Candidates will need to apply all manners of software engineering, design principles and clear communication tactics to build and iterate LFM's API layer. Systems integration is a critical part of this position so the candidate should possess a curiosity and willingness to touch other parts of the system. Finally, candidates will be expected to fully support the operation of their systems. We deal with large data sizes, tight data availability constraints, imperfect data and continually evolving business requirements. As might be expected in a startup company, the range of problems will go far beyond this primary responsibility which is why the ideal candidate is dynamic, smart, and motivated. This position is in the engineering team and will require working closely with owners of multiple sub-systems thus candidates need to have exceptional communication skills and a team-first attitude. This is a great opportunity to work on challenging and incredibly market-relevant problems as the social media analytics industry is taking off! Candidates should be open minded and eager to learn. This position is open in New York City, NY. Candidates must have authorization to work in the U.S. Interested applicants, please submit cover letter and resume or CV.	Software Engineer - API and Infrastructure	ListenFirst Media	New York	NY	New York, NY	ListenFirst Media	Thu, 03 Sep 2015 05:43:08 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=2912dc5ee5f0c954&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa053LEXBOb0Mw41b9NFfuplJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3keebh219sj7nj
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	We currently have an exciting opportunity for results driven Software Engineer for our Automated Logic organization in Clifton, NJ. The Software Engineer is responsible for the successful overall software design of projects, database creation, as well the implementation of the Engineering department procedures and standards used in the programming and documentation of controls projects. In addition, the successful candidate will maintain a high level of technical competency in building controls standards and assist in the training of other software engineers. Essential Functions include: -Read and understand project specifications and MEP drawing sets. -Performs complex tasks requiring intermediate to advanced level programming experience. -Utilizes company or customer standard programs for designing the graphic function blocks for assigned projects. The goal is to utilize standard programs on multiple projects and only utilize custom programs where it is absolutely necessary. -Tests the project’s programs to ensure they meet the specified sequences of operation and that they perform according to industry standards. -Know how to check out an HVAC system including point-to-point, determining the proper operating ranges for field devices, as well as complete functional system checkouts. -Creates project database utilizing company and customer standards. -Contribute to and maintain programming and graphics standards library. -Conduct graphics engineering functions. Which include: create Equipment and Floor plan graphics per project documents, create ALC graphics submittal packages as required, review graphics as a completed package, for completeness and accuracy, develop and maintain graphic library, and participate in solution of job-related graphic problems. -Participate in solution of job-related software and/or graphic problems. -Coordinate and participate in system specialist hand-off meetings for the turnover of complex software projects. -May be required to provide project specific customer training. -Must be able to communicate with third party BAS equipment manufactures to determine integration solutions. -Must be able to troubleshoot IP, BACnet and Modbus networks physically and using software protocol analysis tools. -Must possess the ability work well with others in a team environment as well as individually. -Must be a self-starter and possess the ability to organize and plan your work schedule. -Must possess the ability to work without close supervision. -Maintain a professional presentation in appearance at all times -Must be able to multitask – be a able to work on multiple tasks/ projects at one time -Must be able to work with; and be familiar with, database structures including but not limited to MS SQL and My SQL. -May be required to develop, under direct supervision, web services (SOAP/XML)applications for custom reporting and data manipulation projects. -May be required to develop, under direct supervision, applications to retrieve data directly from database engines for customer reporting and data mining projects. -Effectively communicate with fellow employees and actively participate in team building. -Provide technical assistance to the sales engineer team. United Technologies Corporation is An Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability or protected veteran status.	ALC Software Engineer - Clifton, NJ	Building & Industrial Systems	Clifton	NJ	Clifton, NJ	UTC	Tue, 29 Sep 2015 09:35:25 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=d9b5bda18fd2344e&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa053LEXBOb0Mw41b9NFfuplJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3keebh219sj7nj
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Senior Dev Ops Engineer! You’ll be challenged to maintain, improve, and create new features in an ever changing environment (we push every weekday) while ensuring better than four 9’s of uptime and ludicrous speed response times for our patients and doctors. You should love challenging the status quo and strive to make everything you touch easier, faster, and more robust. What you’ll do: Carefully orchestrate our daily online systems (app layer, DB layer, caching layer, etc.) Ensure we are using all the latest and greatest monitoring tools and tricks, and proactively using them to catch problems before they become problems Automate and codify business processes, freeing your own time to concentrate on adding value Educate developers on issues relating to reliability and performance of their code What’s required: Production environment management and monitoring/alerting experience Talented with C# or other object-oriented language in a source controlled environment Scripting skills via Powershell, Bash, or other Strong performance analysis and debugging skills Deployment/build engineering; configuration management software (Puppet, Chef, other) experience a plus! What you’ll get: A home at one of the best places to work in NYC Stock options 100% employer-covered health insurance Catered lunch every day in our sunlit Soho office An incredible team of smart and supportive people Job Type: Full-time Required experience: .Net, C#, Puppet, Chef, powershell, Bash: 3 years 	Senior Software Engineer/Devops	3Volvesolutions.com	New York	NY	New York, NY	Indeed	Tue, 01 Sep 2015 19:52:48 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=d0bb1dd795ace740&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa053LEXBOb0Mw41b9NFfuplJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3keebh219sj7nj
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Position Description 2016 Summer Program – S&amp;P Capital IQ Software Engineer Intern Department Overview The S&amp;P Capital IQ Technology organization strives to provide both opportunity and competitive advantage through a combination of world class service, execution and innovation. The group provides product development, engineering, technical and operational support services aligned with the S&amp;P Capital IQ business. A significant portion of the products and services we support are mission critical from a customer and divisional business perspective as they deliver the tools necessary for our employees and our customers to do their jobs. Position Description As a Software Engineer Intern, you’ll be involved in the full life cycle of our product development, from design to release. You’ll find yourself participating in the design and code review process, writing and debugging. You’ll have the opportunity to work with the latest technologies and will be recognized for your innovation, problem solving skills and ability to deliver technical software solutions to real world problems. You’ll quickly recognize that your peers exude a take-charge attitude towards problems and thrive for excellence in a fast-paced environment. Location Options New York, NY South Brunswick, NJ Qualifications Rising junior currently enrolled at an accredited college or university; minimum 3.0 GPA Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or other applicable disciplines preferred. Non-technical majors also considered Permanent U.S. work authorization is required Smart, intellectually curious; ability to adapt to new technologies and learn quickly Detailed oriented; analytical with problem solving abilities Professional and energetic; comfortable working in a fast paced environment Strong communication skills; able to work in a team environment Familiarity with data structures, algorithms, object oriented programming and one or more of the following: C# / .NET / Java / JEE / PHP JavaScript / AJAX / jQuery SQL Server / Oracle / Vertica / Solr / Lucene / Hadoop Web Services / Cloud Computing About S&amp;P Capital IQ and McGraw Hill Financial S&amp;P Capital IQ is a leading provider of multi-asset class and real time data, research, and analytics. A career at S&amp;P Capital IQ puts you in a position to be essential to institutional investors, investment advisors and wealth managers around the world. Learn more at http://www.mhfi.com/careers/our-brands/sp-capital-iq McGraw Hill Financial includes Standard &amp; Poor’s Ratings Services, S&amp;P Capital IQ, S&amp;P Dow Jones Indices, J.D. Power and Platts. Together, we’re the foremost providers of essential intelligence for the capital and commodities markets. McGraw Hill Financial is an equal opportunity employer committed to making all employment decisions on the basis of merit, capability and equality of opportunity, and without regard to race/ethnicity, gender, pregnancy, gender identity or expression, color, creed, religion, national origin, age, disability, marital status (including domestic partnerships and civil unions), sexual orientation, military veteran status, unemployment status, or any other basis prohibited by federal, state or local law, or any other characteristic that has no bearing on a person’s ability to perform his or her job. Only electronic job submissions will be considered for employment. If you need an accommodation during the application process due to a disability, please send an email to aapteam@mhfi.com. and your request will be forwarded to the appropriate person. The EEO is the Law Poster http://www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/pdf/eeopost.pdf describes discrimination protections under federal la	S&P Capital IQ Software Engineer Intern	S&P CAPITAL IQ	New York	NY	New York, NY	S&P Capital IQ	Thu, 03 Sep 2015 04:16:07 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=7e66cfefc481a88a&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa053LEXBOb0Mw41b9NFfuplJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3keebh219sj7nj
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	A well-funded tech start-up in the heart of Manhattan is hiring for a Lead Software Engineer to join their team. Company is building an innovative product that will change the way companies hire by using predictive analytics models. As a Lead Software Engineer, you would be responsible for coding, mentoring engineers, technical planning and project work, and working closely with the executive team. Required Skills Must have worked with and taken the initiative to learn new technologies throughout your career (Python, Scala, Java, C# etc.) Strong communication skills Ability to lead and mentor a smart and well-established team Strong pluses if you have any exposure or interest in: OCaml, F#, Haskell, Scala, Closure, Racket Python and Amazon Web Services/AWS experience is preferred Ability to create robust high-volume applications and APIs Experience in a functional programming environment Interested in people with empathy, contribution and entrepreneurship Benefits Offers career growth to move up quickly, work with a team of intelligent engineers with strong resumes, offered a competitive salary, full medical benefits, and equity. Promotes work/life balance, learning environment, great work space in the center of Soho in Manhattan. Keyword Tags Lead Engineer, Software Engineer, mentorship, management, leadership, ocaml, f#, Haskell, scala, clojure, racket, functional programming, AWS, Amazon Web Services, Python, high availability, financially stable	Lead Software Engineer	Jobspring Partners	New York	NY	New York, NY	Jobspring Partners	Fri, 09 Oct 2015 17:28:08 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=115566ae57d16f2b&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa053LEXBOb0Mw41b9NFfuplJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3keebh219sj7nj
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	NO C2C applications will be considered. Candidate needs to be on our W2. Job Details Senior Software Engineer – iOS Platform The Digital Technology team is seeking a self-motivated Senior iOS Application Developer to design, develop and support our iOS application suite. This role requires working with Product, Designers, third-party vendors and the enterprise architect team to explore and expand the Digital brand into new, cutting-edge directions on the iOS platform. Job Requirements bull Good foundational knowledge of Objective-C and iOS SDK 7+ bull Understanding of Object-Oriented Modeling, Middleware, Relational Databases and distributed computing technologies bull Possess good understanding andor knowledge in Performance, Multi-Threading, Scalability, Security, and Engineering best practices on mobile applications bull Experience engineering, releasing, and supporting iOS applications bull Experience engineering video centric products with knowledge of multi-bitrate streaming and casting. bull Experience integrating with third-party libraries such as video, display advertising and analytics. bull Expert knowledge of building responsive user experiences across phones and tablets bull Expert knowledge of XCodeAppCode IDE, build and distribution processes. bull Expert knowledge of dependency managers such as Cocoapods bull Experience with unit testing frameworks and TDD bull Knowledge of building applications that function offline and online. bull Expert knowledge of iOS design patterns bull Familiarity with Reactive Programming bull Expert knowledge of Apple Push Notifications and integration. bull Familiarity with iOS8 features such as Size Classes and Swift bull Strong understanding of hybrid solutions utilizing Javascripthtml5 MVC frameworks Responsibilities Collaborate around the creation of new and existing features on our iOS products. Craft and maintain world-class iOS experiences. Partner closely with our design team to produce an application that flows seamlessly and works intuitively with our users. Constantly optimize our existing code base to ensure world-class quality. iOS SDK 7+, Objective-C, XCode/AppCode IDE, Cocoapods	Software Engineer (iOS Platform)	Cardinal Technology Solutions	Englewood Cliffs	NJ	Englewood Cliffs, NJ	Dice	Sat, 31 Oct 2015 00:07:13 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=b6057204391e01f5&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa053LEXBOb0Mw41b9NFfuplJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3keebh219sj7nj
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	About the New York Genome Center The New York Genome Center (NYGC) is an independent, non-profit organization that leverages the collaborative resources of leading academic medical centers, research universities, and commercial organizations. Our vision is to transform medical research and clinical care in New York and beyond through the creation of one of the largest genomics facilities in North America, integrating sequencing, bioinformatics, and data management, as well as performing cutting-edge genomics research. The New York Genome Center is a VEVRAA Federal Contractor. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment and will not be discriminated against on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, national origin, age, disability, or protected veteran status. The New York Genome Center takes affirmative action in support of its policy to and advance in employment individuals who are minorities, women, protected veterans, and individuals with disabilities. Put your software engineering skills in massively parallel processing and high-throughput workflow management to use in designing and building the analysis workflow infrastructure for genomic analysis. The system must support thousands of hours of processing per terabyte, and tens of terabytes per day. No prior experience in genome biology is required. This is an opportunity to learn bioinformatics, and participate in cutting-edge research to apply genomic discoveries to the clinical care of patients with diseases such as cancer, ALS, Alzheimer’s, and inflammatory diseases. The incumbent will support our rapidly expanding informatics division in developing high-throughput pipelines and large-scale data management systems. The ideal candidate will be a pragmatic team player with experience in high-performance computing and management of “big data”. Job duties will include: Collaborate with bioinformatics scientists, users, and stakeholders to define requirements and specifications for data processing pipelines and analysis tools; Prototype, develop, deploy, document, and support production-quality, fault-tolerant, high-performance software; Convert prototype algorithms developed by computational biologists into robust, optimized code suitable to run in automated pipelines; Support customization and integration of local software, including our Lab Information Management System (LIMS) and integration with other Enterprise software; Port computational methods and pipelines to cloud environments, and develop protocols for cloud-bursting; Develop expertise in the scientific and computational resources of the center. Required Skills BS in Computer Science, computer engineering, or related field plus 10 years related experience; master’s degree plus 8 years related experience, or equivalent combination of education and experience; Demonstrated ability to design and build large-scale software systems, and to produce readable, documented code; Ability to work independently to deliver quality code under tight deadlines; Proficiency in Java, Scala, or similar languages; Experience with large databases: relational (e.g., mySQL, PostgreSQL), column-oriented databases, array databases, or NoSQL databases (Accumulo, Couchbase, etc); Experience with version control and source code management systems (e.g.,GIT); Experience with applications that do massively parallel processing of large amounts of data in 24/7 automated environments; Experience building applications that are fault tolerant and can handle edge conditions and errors without wasting compute cycles; Familiarity with batch scheduled high throughput computing using queuing systems (e.g., SGE or LSF) helpful; Experience with agile programming techniques; Experience with scientific applications, and genomics in particular, is a plus. Interest in learning about genetics and biomedicine is essential; Excellent communication skills and proven ability to work directly with customers to understand their needs and translate those into actionable software requirements; Ability to make decisions with incomplete information and produce results in a timely fashion; Must be able to work in a fast-paced, start-up like environment. Required Experience	Principal Software Engineer, HPC	New York Genome Center	New York	NY	New York, NY	New York Genome Center	Thu, 03 Sep 2015 06:55:52 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=1c7dc400b6eb2e1d&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXeIHQ5OyeANUCGUSmAm8bO_aWVEEjhQn6o2cf4oWr0s3JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kelh1r18h13vb
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Smith &amp; Keller is looking for a Software Engineer that works with Ruby on Rails and Angular. It's a tall order to fill with one of our favorite clients in Manhattan, but they are on the lookout for stand out developers. If you are on the lookout for a new position and want to join an amazing team, look no further because this is where you need to be! What You'll Do: Be a core member of the team that is responsible for moving our platform forward Work with latest and greatest in web and mobile web development Build Ruby on Rails applications that work at scale, utilizing PostgreSQL and Redis Get exposure to a lot of fun technologies, including Twilio, RabbitMQ, Mapbox, and Cloudinary Write code, lots of it! Who You Are: You're an experienced (4+ years) web developer with mad coding skills, who can build innovative applications fast and with high quality You know Ruby on Rails inside out and actively follow the Rails community You're really strong in Javascript, including in-browser web frameworks, specifically Angular.js You're a problem solver, you strive to understand users problems and invent novel ways to reinvent the world around you You want to have fun at work, you love working with a smart and talented team, and you aren't afraid to speak up and make yourself heard You can take ownership of a feature from idea to production, with minimal guidance and supervision What We'll Offer: An exceptional team: our hiring bar is absurdly high and your colleagues are talented, motivated, self- starters A great office environment Full dental, medical, and vision plans Outstanding compensation: top-talent deserves top pay and our salary, equity, and benefits reflect this Fantastic perks: daily catered lunch, fully stocked kitchen, transportation stipend, gym membership, numerous learning opportunities Awesome culture all around: from continuous deployment and hackathons to game room and monthly offsite events!	Software Engineer - Ruby and Angular	Smith & Keller	New York	NY	New York, NY	CareerBuilder	Thu, 15 Oct 2015 22:21:01 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=0258db951fe5986c&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXeIHQ5OyeANUCGUSmAm8bO_aWVEEjhQn6o2cf4oWr0s3JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kelh1r18h13vb
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	RESPONSIBILITIES Lead the design, development and maintenance of Android-based core fog network/computing platform to create the foundation for innovative products and services. The developer will lead the entire platform lifecycle right from concept stage until delivery and post launch support. The successful candidate will also drive the mobile product platform strategy globally, and shall create libraries and frameworks to support third party innovations that would leverage the platform. MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering, or a related field from an accredited university or 4-year college is required. Master’s degree in one of these fields is a plus. 3 years to 6 years of industry experience working as software engineer developing mobile applications on either Android or iOS platform or both, with at least 2 years to 3 years in Android application development. Experience with all phases of the Software Development Lifecycle (SDLC), including systems analysis, design, coding, testing, debugging and documentation Skillful in Java SDK and Android Framework on Linux / UNIX / Windows platform Proficient in using Android Studio or Eclipse IDE Strong TCP / IP programming skill required Strong knowledge of HTTP and HTTPS required DESIRED SKILLS Experience with commercial launch of mobile apps Experience in Wi-Fi Direct and / or Bluetooth Low Energy (BLE) technology, and SIM card programming Experience in system level programming Experience in iOS application development Experience in REST API and cloud computing Experience in AOSP (Android Open Source Project) Smartiply is looking for high energy software engineers who drive results with passion, with extensive experience in mobile ecosystem development. This individual will work in a fast paced and virtual environment and will play a major role in developing a cutting edge enabling platform. The successful candidate must be a team player, self-motivated, well-organized, and result oriented, with strong analytical, problem solving, and communication (verbal and written) skills, and must be able to work independently. He/she must have strong knowledge of all phases of SDLC and must exercise good software development practice, including periodic code review, good documentation, and version control. He/she will be expected to apply agile development methodology and provide daily updates and weekly/bi-weekly product demos. He/she must be capable of multitasking and performing multiple duties as needed. The successful candidate shall be offered a competitive salary, with the possibility of stock options, commensurate with experience, along with healthcare and retirement benefits and paid vacation. Smartiply is committed to equal employment opportunity, work-life balance, and career development. Job Type: Full-time Required experience: Android Application Development: 3 years Required education: Bachelor's 	Android Software Engineer - Core Platform Development	Smartiply, Inc	Summit	NJ	Summit, NJ	Indeed	Thu, 15 Oct 2015 02:09:35 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=da37ede0dbb573b1&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXeIHQ5OyeANUCGUSmAm8bO_aWVEEjhQn6o2cf4oWr0s3JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kelh1r18h13vb
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	PDS Tech is seeking a Senior Software Systems Engineer f or an open position in Basking Ridge, NJ. Job Responsibilities: Design and development for the service layer and DB for the payment cloud application. Work across IT teams and with business users understand the business needs and translate it to implementation. Skill sets: 5-7 years of experience working in Oracle and DB2 Databases Strong background in database programming using SQL/PLSQL i.e. stored procedures, functions, triggers and packages is required. Good understanding of database concepts i.e. normalizations/de-normalizations, schemas, table spaces, temporary tables, views, indexes, sequences, partitioning etc is required SQL Tuning techniques to prevent performance degradation and understanding on how to use Explain Plan/Query Analyzer/Optimization Tool is required Working experience in database security, primarily on Encryption and decryption concepts is plus Understand data integration with ODI (Oracle data integrator). Hands on experience is a plus. Understanding of Linux Platform is required. Understanding on programming languages i.e. .NET 4.0 will be a major plus hands on in web services development. Previous experience working in an telecommunications or enterprise/customer facing web application environment is plus 4 year degree	Senior Software Systems Engineer	PDS Tech, Inc.	Basking Ridge	NJ	Basking Ridge, NJ	PDS Tech, Inc.	Fri, 16 Oct 2015 10:14:00 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=761ccccd5163dd23&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXeIHQ5OyeANUCGUSmAm8bO_aWVEEjhQn6o2cf4oWr0s3JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kelh1r18h13vb
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	About Us NBCUniversal is one of the world’s leading media and entertainment companies in the development, production, and marketing of entertainment, news, and information to a global audience. NBCUniversal owns and operates a valuable portfolio of news and entertainment television networks, a premier motion picture company, significant television production operations, a leading television stations group, and world-renowned theme parks. NBCUniversal’s policy is to provide equal employment opportunities to all applicants and employees without regard to race, color, religion, creed, gender, gender identity or expression, age, national origin or ancestry, citizenship, disability, sexual orientation, marital status, pregnancy, veteran status, membership in the uniformed services, genetic information, or any other basis protected by applicable law. Career Level Experienced Country United States State/Province New York City New York Responsibilities ***THIS IS A FULL-TIME STAFF POSITION WITH END DATE*** Do you watch the Today show, or Nightly News? NBC Universal is building world-class enterprise-level software to support the News production environments. We are looking for the best and brightest to help drive the services and solutions developed as part of the Media Technology Solutions group. We are working on exciting technology that drives the entire workflow from producing and editing video content all the way through archival, distribution and re-purposing of the material. We deliver the services and solutions that provide the backbone for the operations team of NBC News to deliver award-wining content. As a Software Engineer you will face challenges from design, development and QA through the full software deployment cycle. About you: You own the command line whether in windows or linux You respect the whiteboard You love building something from scratch, but can also pick up where someone else left off and take it to the next level You understand the importance redundant deployments for large-scale systems You are a team player, expecting the best of yourself and those on your team Essential Responsibilities: Develop software related to media asset management systems, physical asset order management and reporting platforms, and automated metadata management and media delivery capabilities for edit environments Integrate various software platforms through vendor APIs Work with vendors on API implementation and troubleshooting, suggesting necessary features and identifying enhancement opportunities Engineer integrated software solutions to anticipate and enable business growth, productivity, and reliability Identify automation opportunities within media workflows, and develop appropriate software solutions Coordinate with internal operational &amp; technology and vendor support teams to isolate issues and drive resolution Develop web services, service layer and Orchestration Engine. Configure test, QA and production environments with proper packages and dependencies to enable development Qualifications/Requirements Degree in Computer Science equivalent work experience Understanding of software architecture grounded in 7+ years of software development and configuration experience Strong knowledge of Python with 5+ years experience 5+ years working with IT systems, with a solid understanding of network Experience with Red Hat Enterprise Linux, Oracle Enterprise Linux and/or Ubuntu server 3+ years experience working with front end (UI) tools and web frameworks, preferably based in Python 3+ year experience defining, documenting, and executing test cases Experience with object-relational mapping technology and architecture Experience managing a GNU/Linux environment for development, including package management and basic system administration Experience working in a Windows Server environment with basic knowledge of Windows usage and administration Experience developing software against documented third-party APIs and working with vendors to identify and correct issues and drive enhancements Experience developing software in a team environment Excellent verbal and written communication skills Desired Characteristics Familiarity with broadcast production or video production systems, including basic knowledge non-linear editing tools such as Avid or Final Cut Pro Experience with the Viz Ardome MAM platform Experience with Avid Interplay MAM platform Experience with high-volume data migration projects Experience working with Agile and Scrum methodologies for software development and project execution Experience with Avid server systems including ISIS and Interplay Working familiarity with components of the IBM WebSphere and InfoSphere product suites Proficiency using HTML/CSS/AJAX in a production environment to design and build an effective UX Experience with NoSQL databases Familiarity with open sources technologies such as SaltStack, Celery, RabbitMQ, Redis ***THIS IS A FULL-TIME STAFF POSITION WITH END DATE*** 	Software Engineer - Python	NBC Universal	New York	NY	New York, NY	NBC Universal	Tue, 15 Sep 2015 14:25:44 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=c92b8da20b36cbcc&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXeIHQ5OyeANUCGUSmAm8bO_aWVEEjhQn6o2cf4oWr0s3JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kelh1r18h13vb
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Senior Software Engineer Embedded Software Developer C++ Embedded Developer Woodbury, NY Permanent Job Opportunity I. Job Summary The Senior Software Engineer is responsible for the implementation of Windows applications, drivers and real-time control software in C and C++ on embedded Windows or Linux based platforms. The Senior Software Engineer is also responsible, as a Senior Engineer, for mentoring the other Software Engineers to further hone their skills and troubleshooting embedded software issues. II. Department Engineering III. Reporting Relationships The Senior Software Engineer reports to the Onboard Development Manager IV. Primary Responsibilities Implements and trouble shoots driver and real-time control software Uses C and C++ on embedded Windows or Linux Platforms where required Designs and develops cutting edge real-time software for client algorithms and device drivers Designs and develops real-time processors and use new software tools to develop real-time software Designs and follows requirements capture, design, implementation and test of embedded software Analyzes tradeoffs and prioritizes requirements Addresses requirements conflicts Tunes components to meet strict real-time performance requirements Designs and implements device driver and peripheral drivers to meet performance requirements Provides technical leadership to Embedded Software Engineer team Identifies security risks and software vulnerability in software architecture when running on Linux and develop solutions to reduce or eliminate them Makes recommendations to testing and debugging protocols Develops software system testing procedures, programming, and documentation Analyzes test data and reports to determine if design meets functional and performance specifications including industry and regulatory standards compliance Prepares and executes software verification Reviews software validation plans of embedded systems software Consults with Sales and Engineering staff to evaluate interfaces between hardware and software, and operational and performance requirements of overall systems V. Decision Making Authority The Senior Software Engineer performs duties in an independent manner with little to no supervision, exercises basic discretion and judgment regarding routine work, and looks for assistance on non-routine events and issues VI. Skills Required 8+ years experience as a professional Software Engineer 5+ years CC++ experience at a systems level, Linux experience a plus 5+ years embedded real-time operating system development experience Strong working knowledge of Win 32 API and Microsoft development tools, including Windows socket communications and TCPIP experience Strong working knowledge and hands on experience of multi-threaded software development and relationships between processes, threads, event queues, and event dispatch Strong working knowledge of memory management, file systems, IO, graphics, resource and communications sub systems and embedded systems System level architecture design experience Strong organizational skills Strong technical analytical skills and troubleshooting skills Strong written and oral communication skills Strong time management skills Ability to handle multiple tasks simultaneously and prioritize Bachelors degree in Computer Science or Electrical Engineering required, Masters preferred Senior Software Engineer / Embedded Software Developer / C++ Embedded Developer, Linux, Win 32 API, Socket TCP/IP	Senior Software Engineer / Embedded Software Developer / C++ Embedded	Svam International, Inc.	Woodbury	NY	Woodbury, NY	Dice	Wed, 04 Nov 2015 12:57:12 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=9b979ddd9c912222&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXeIHQ5OyeANUCGUSmAm8bO_aWVEEjhQn6o2cf4oWr0s3JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kelh1r18h13vb
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Our client, a company that is using social networking in a unique way, is looking for an Engineer to join the team to create a highly scalable platform. They are located in Midtown. In this role you will work with all areas of development across the platform. You should have diverse experience across a range of web and mobile technologies with a concentration on Django. Experience 5+ years of web application experience required. 2+ years with Django. Experience architecting software solutions to product challenges Software development in an agile environment Using design patterns to define your ideas Doing work in Full Stack Django | MVC web application architecture Proficient with Git/Mercurial Equal Opportunity Employer: Race, Color, Religion, Sex, Sexual Orientation, Gender Identity, National Origin, Age, Genetic Information, Disability, Protected Veteran Status, or any other legally protected group status.	Web Software Engineer - Full Stack - Python / Django	Randstad Technologies	New York	NY	New York, NY	Randstad Technologies	Fri, 02 Oct 2015 22:10:41 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=a521e572c6473200&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXeIHQ5OyeANUCGUSmAm8bO_aWVEEjhQn6o2cf4oWr0s3JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kelh1r18h13vb
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	One of the most innovative video streaming companies is look for a skilled mobile developer to join their team. As a leader in the industry, working for this company allows you to work on some of the newest technologies and change the world of tech. The ideal candidate is someone who is an expert in iOS development with experience working with Android as well. Knowledge of Swift and experience with video streaming is also a plus. They offer a competitive salary and cover medical benefits completely! Required Skills 3-5 years of experience working with iOS 1-2 years of experience with Android Eager and willing to learn new technologies Knowledge of Swift Plus if you have experience with video streaming Benefits Flexible PTO, fully covered medical (dental and vision), free snacks and soda, 401K match, and a fun/ social office environment	Senior Software Engineer (Mobile)	Workbridge Associates	New York	NY	New York, NY	Workbridge Associates	Wed, 21 Oct 2015 21:33:07 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=5e324421e690c17d&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXeIHQ5OyeANUCGUSmAm8bO_aWVEEjhQn6o2cf4oWr0s3JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kelh1r18h13vb
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	For over 120 years, ASCO Power Technologies has been pioneering every major product innovation in power transfer technology. Today, we are an industry leader in the manufacturing of automatic transfer switches, industrial control products and power control systems, and the world leader in emergency and standby power transfer solutions. We are the Power Authority - committed to providing a full range of quality-driven products backed by 24-hour nationwide service support. ASCO Power Technologies, an industry leader in the manufacturing of automatic transfer switches, industrial control products and power control systems, services and solutions, has an exciting career opportunity for a Senior Software Design Engineer - Electronics for the organization at our Corporate Headquarters in Florham Park, NJ. Position Summary: Designs, analyses, tests, documents and implements electronic circuit and embedded software solutions used to control transfer switch and/or Power Control System products and components. Job Duties: Designs product and subsystem circuitry and/or software with minimal supervision. Researches devices and software languages and recommends devices, hardware, software architecture, operating systems, and software languages. Envisions and implements software based designs and/or circuits for control products or systems based on Requirements Specifications. This includes the development of circuit schematics with backup analysis, and/or structured software with diagrams, and configuration management. Develops and analyses algorithms and circuits for measurement and control. This analysis includes control stability, measurement accuracy or error, sensitivity to temperature, time, noise, transient response, and others. Develops test and qualification strategies, and procedures. Develops production and field: test, calibration, and assembly procedures. Provides necessary installation software and instructions. Provides service, manufacturing, and sales training documentation. Additional Responsibilities: Support system designers. Design Power supply, analog and digital circuits. Setup and apply networking hardware and software. Test EMI and RFI emissions and design circuitry to minimize problems with interference and noise. Utilize source control software (GIT, Subversion, CVS, etc). Utilize Bug tracking software (Bugzilla etc.). Architect high level software designs. Performs software code reviews. Implement UI design using a GUI toolkit (example Qt). Requirements: Understanding of Software Lifecycle Management. Experience with debuggers, emulators and compliers/assemblers. Detailed knowledge of at least 1 communication protocol. Ability to debug to the component level. Design experience using embedded Microprocessors/controllers such as ARM, PIC, etc. Willingness to travel (overnight) to support customers or production sites or to attend training. (&lt; 5%) Qualification: Bachelor’s degree or higher in Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering, or Computer Science. 2 years involved in the design and use of electronic test fixtures or equivalent. 1 year experience in writing code in assembler or C programming languages. 1 year electronic circuit, power electronic circuit, or embedded software design and implementation. Emerson’s Overview: Emerson is a global leader in bringing technology and engineering together to provide innovative solutions for customers in industrial, commercial, and consumer markets around the world. Founded in 1890 in St. Louis, Missouri (USA), Emerson delivers solutions through five business segments: Process Management, Industrial Automation, Network Power, Climate Technologies, and Commercial &amp; Residential Solutions. With sales of $24.7B and more than 130,000 employees in over 150 countries, we have a customer-focused, results-driven culture where employee performance is recognized and rewarded. Emerson Network Power’s Overview: Emerson Network Power provides integrated infrastructure solutions that help ensure availability and maximize efficiency for data centers, telecom networks, and industrial facilities around the world. We use a unique combination of industry expertise, technology, and global resources to make the future of our customers’ business possible. Emerson is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, race, color, religion, national origin, age, marital status, political affiliation, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information, disability or protected veteran status. We are committed to providing a workplace free of any discrimination or harassment. If you have a disability and are having difficulty accessing or using this website to apply for a position, you can request help by calling 1-314-553-2544 (V/TTY/TDD) or by sending an email to idisability.administrator@emerson.com.	Sr. Software Design Engineer-Electronics	Emerson Network Power	Florham Park	NJ	Florham Park, NJ	Emerson	Thu, 01 Oct 2015 17:37:18 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=8f47b63fc261227a&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXeIHQ5OyeANUCGUSmAm8bO_aWVEEjhQn6o2cf4oWr0s3JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kelh1r18h13vb
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	About the New York Genome Center The New York Genome Center (NYGC) is an independent, non-profit organization that leverages the collaborative resources of leading academic medical centers, research universities, and commercial organizations. Our vision is to transform medical research and clinical care in New York and beyond through the creation of one of the largest genomics facilities in North America, integrating sequencing, bioinformatics, and data management, as well as performing cutting-edge genomics research. The New York Genome Center is a VEVRAA Federal Contractor. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment and will not be discriminated against on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, national origin, age, disability, or protected veteran status. The New York Genome Center takes affirmative action in support of its policy to hire and advance in employment individuals who are minorities, women, protected veterans, and individuals with disabilities. Position Description The incumbent will support our rapidly expanding informatics division in developing high-throughput pipelines and large-scale data management systems. The ideal candidate will be a pragmatic team player responsible for ensuring software quality through development and execution of software test plans. Job duties will include: Collaborate with bio-informatics scientists, users, and stakeholders as requirements are being defined to provide input on usability and testability; Review product design documentation to ensure that requirements stated are correct, unambiguous, and verifiable; Define and execute test plans to ensure quality of production software; Work with software engineers to efficiently identify and isolate software bugs; Maintain bug-tracking system and ensure status is up to date on all issues; Consult with product development to evaluate system interfaces, operational requirements, and performance requirements of overall system; Define test methods and create test plans for new or updated software projects to determine if the software will perform accurately and reliably according to documented requirements as well as established standards under both normal and abnormal conditions; Recommend design improvements or corrections to engineers throughout the development process; Maintain effective communication with the project software engineers on project limitation, capability, performance requirement and hardware interface changes; Execute test plans and create test reports to describe program evaluation, testing, and correction; Create test tools that facilitate data gathering and test method execution. Required Skills BS with 5+ years of experience or MS with 3+ years of experience in Computer Science, computer engineering, or related field; Experience working with genomic data is desirable; Experience designing and executing test plans; Ability to work independently to deliver quality data under tight deadlines; Excellent communication skills and proven ability to work directly with customers (scientists) to assist them with data access and to resolve data delivery issues; Experience working with very large datasets is a plus; Ability to make decisions with incomplete information and produce results in a timely fashion; Experience with agile programming techniques and QA in agile environments helpful; Must be able to work in a fast-paced, start-up like environment. Required Experience	Senior Software Engineer I, QA	New York Genome Center	New York	NY	New York, NY	New York Genome Center	Thu, 03 Sep 2015 06:55:50 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=96c742f23761902c&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXeIHQ5OyeANUCGUSmAm8bO_aWVEEjhQn6o2cf4oWr0s3JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kelh1r18h13vb
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	QA Lead Engineer As a Lead Software Test Engineer you will: Develop Test Plan/Test Cases and Test Reports Test and validate Set Top Boxes UI behavior Frequently interface with team members and other programming teams Lead junior engineers Automate high-quality tests Required Skills Demonstrated analytical and problem solving abilities to diagnose and debug problems System and unit testing Demonstrated communication and collaboration skills Performance development Fluent English and Russian Comfortable in Unix environments Ability to learn and adapt to rapidly changing environments Bachelor's Degree in Information Technology, Engineering, Mathematics or equivalent Preferred Skills Experience in scripting languages including Python Basic knowledge of programming languages Experience in both Windows and UNIX operating systems Experience using automated test tools This position is on Long Island NY	QA Lead Software Test Engineer	Marcum Search LLC	Hicksville	NY	Hicksville, NY	Marcum Search LLC	Fri, 30 Oct 2015 18:40:32 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=77515c7c32d17023&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXeIHQ5OyeANUCGUSmAm8bO_aWVEEjhQn6o2cf4oWr0s3JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kelh1r18h13vb
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	We are seeking leading software engineers to join our dynamic, fast-paced high frequency team . Equal parts code experts and mathematical thinkers, our quantitative software engineers bring together technical and analytical expertise to grapple with difficult computational and data-related problems directly and implement efficient and innovative solutions. Entailing a sophisticated knowledge of algorithms, statistics, and high-performance computing, this effort has attracted ACM programming competition finalists, Top Coder contenders, and other highly technical, competitive problem solvers. High frequency quantitative software engineers are responsible for bringing our wealth of ideas to fruition by: Leveraging expert knowledge of numerical algorithms, statistical models, grid computing, and other advanced technological methods; Building the cutting-edge tools and engines used by our quantitative analysts and high frequency researchers. Requirements Include: At a minimum, a bachelor's degree in computer science, applied mathematics, or another technical discipline from a top university. Strong numerical programming skills. Experience with scientific computing, algorithm development, or pattern recognition. A background or interest in building large-scale, real-time, and distributed applications is desired. Experience developing high-performance, multi-threaded applications using several programming languages including Java and C++. Knowledge of scripting languages such as Perl, Python, and UNIX shell. While we analyze the data-rich domain of finance, financial experience is not a requirement. 	Quantitative Software Engineer, High Frequency Trading	Two Sigma Investments, LLC.	New York	NY	New York, NY	Two Sigma Investments, LLC.	Mon, 07 Sep 2015 06:07:41 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=ac1f3573b8b20627&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXeIHQ5OyeANUCGUSmAm8bO_aWVEEjhQn6o2cf4oWr0s3JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kelh1r18h13vb
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Selected Candidates will be responsible for: Designing and developing software systems and databases. Analyzing and validating/verifying data and data integrity for features, enhancements and integrations with existing software applications Analysis of new systems and business processes, and management of system upgrades and implementation, etc. Candidates must have: Bachelor of Science in Computer Science/Engineering or equivalent Minimum of 5 years of relevant experience Proficiency in: Front End Frameworks and libraries such as JQuery, Polymer, Angular, Bootstrap, Less, Sass, VB.Net or C#, Microsoft SQL, ASP.NET MVC, ASP.NET Web API, Windows Form, HTML, JavaScript, CSS, Entity Framework, LINQ Windows CE, Microsoft SQL CE, ZigBee, OLAP (Online Analytical Processing), Hybrid mobile development &amp; phone gap, web components, C/C++, Experience in multi-developer environment using effective source code and project change control Excellent verbal and written communications skills Strong analytical skills High energy, self-starter personality with ability to multi-task and time management skills Excellent attention to details Preferred candidates will have: Proficiency in: Windows CE, Microsoft SQL CE, ZigBee, OLAP (Online Analytical Processing), Hybrid mobile development &amp; phone gap, web components, C/C++, Knowledgeable in: Design patterns &amp; concepts, MSMQ, IIS, Sever-sent events, waterfall and agile methodology Experience in formulating design requirements and development for key components of a system platform For immediate consideration please email your resume including expected salary to our Human Resources Department at admin2@ecinfosystems.com	Software Engineer	EC Infosystems	Uniondale	NY	Uniondale, NY	EC Infosystems	Tue, 25 Aug 2015 16:04:32 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=8599bcb45c817343&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXeIHQ5OyeANUCGUSmAm8bO_aWVEEjhQn6o2cf4oWr0s3JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kelh1r18h13vb
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Dynamic and innovative software development has propelled Interactive Brokers to 1 st place in the Barron’s Magazine “Electronic Broker” ranking for four years in a row. We’re growing our team -- so if you’re a high-energy, self-starting Mobile software engineer, Interactive Brokers is the place for you. We take pride in providing our global client base with cutting-edge trading applications. Interactive Brokers was founded by a software engineer to rewrite the rules of trading by automating anything and everything. Software development is the lifeblood of our firm, and it shows. Our engineers work with latest technology, command respect in the firm, and have competitive compensation packages. Junior and senior level positions are available. This is full time position in Greenwich, Connecticut, USA with immediate availability. Responsibilities: Components design/implementation in Java for Android or Objective-C + Cocoa for iOS Qualifications: Technically oriented, proactive, and enthusiastic, with extreme attention to detail. Bachelor’s in EE, CS, Math, Physics or similar (masters/PhD a plus). English written/verbal communication skills. Mobile development experience and/or strong desire to master mobile development for Android/iOS. Familiarity with trading technologies is a plus. We offer: Paid Medical Affordable Dental Flex Spending Account Commuter Reimbursement Account 401K Restricted Stock Plan Vacation Life Insurance Company Paid Lunch 	Software Engineer - Mobile Platforms	Interactive Brokers	Greenwich	CT	Greenwich, CT	Interactive Brokers	Thu, 27 Aug 2015 06:06:49 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=dce4cdcbcf539c12&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXeIHQ5OyeANUCGUSmAm8bO_aWVEEjhQn6o2cf4oWr0s3JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kelh1r18h13vb
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	RESPONSIBILITIES: Kforce's client, a well known firm based in New York, New York (NY) is currently seeking a Java Software Engineer. This client has strong professionals that range from expert curators to seasoned Internet executives from the web's most prominent entities. Essential Functions: Contribute to a small team designing and developing a services platform Leverage caching, messaging and asynchronous processing Contribute to the design of a new database schema Implement end-to-end ecommerce solutions Analyze and assess business requirements, choose the right tools and libraries to implement solutions Work closely with a fantastic product organization to envision and create solutions that delight their existing customer and attract many new ones Benefits and Perks: Unlimited paid time off Weekly white linen lunches Snacks Full Benefits and 401k Paid family leave Commuter benefits In-office yoga REQUIREMENTS: Ability to bring intellectual curiosity and thoughtful opinions everyday Experience developing consumer-facing websites in professional production environment a plus Experience developing code for high-traffic web sites Ability to troubleshoot and explain performance bottlenecks Knowledge of mule and tomcat An appreciation for one-of-a-kind items such as furniture, art and jewelry always welcome Participation in the larger developer community is strongly supported and encouraged 	Java Software Engineer-Well Known Tech Firm	Kforce	New York	NY	New York, NY	Kforce	Wed, 30 Sep 2015 16:43:00 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=c0735a9d040250dc&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXeIHQ5OyeANUCGUSmAm8bO_aWVEEjhQn6o2cf4oWr0s3JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kelh1r18h13vb
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Who is MasterCard? What role do we play in the modern world? Are we an enabler of purchases or a facilitator for transactions? We play a much larger role in the world by enabling those that have no access to financial systems – every employee has the opportunity to be a part of something bigger and to change lives. We have the technology, people and Brand to serve modern society . Today, we are a global tech company that connects everyone to endless possibilities, priceless possibilities. Job Title Software Engineer, UX/UI Software Engineer, UX/UI Overview MasterCard is seeking talented individuals to join our new Silicon Alley Emerging Payments Technology team in New York City. Located in the Flatiron district of Manhattan, MasterCard is researching and developing the next generation of products and services to enable consumers to securely, efficiently, and intelligently conduct transactions regardless of channel. Whether through traditional retail, mobile, or e-commerce, MasterCard innovation is leading the digital convergence of traditional and emerging payments technologies across a wide variety of new devices and services. Join our team and help shape the future of connected commerce! Responsibilities: The Software Engineer, UX/UI is a hands-on developer specializing in user experience and user interface implementation for both web and mobile browsers. As an experienced Engineer on the Emerging Payments Technology team, you will be responsible for helping design the user experience, implementing the user interface requirements across multiple products and services. You’ll work closely with the team technical lead and with our Product Management team, and other stakeholders. Working within an Agile development methodology, you will collaborate with other engineers and with other technical delivery teams to implement solid, robust solutions for new features and services. In addition you’ll research new frameworks and technologies, assist with prototyping and proof-of-concepts, participate in code reviews, and help ensure a high level of code quality in your work. Skills/Requirements: · Strong communication skills, both verbal and written, with strong relationship, collaborative and organization skills · Experience implementing user interfaces (responsive design and implementation), including design and prototyping experience for web and mobile browsers · HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, JSON/XML, AngularJS · Android and/or iOS mobile browser UI implementation In addition to the above skills, the following experience is highly desirable: · Agile/Scrum methodologies · Photoshop or equivalent tools for image asset creation and manipulation · E-commerce experience · Continuous Delivery and Continuous Integration · Test Driven Development (TDD) · Experience leading/mentoring other developers · Accessibility Education: · Bachelor’s degree in Information Technology, Computer Science, or Management Information Systems or equivalent combination of relevant experience and education Equal Opportunity Employer	Software Engineer, UX/UI	MasterCard	New York	NY	New York, NY	MasterCard	Thu, 10 Sep 2015 01:09:00 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=d0efab8f2749c70a&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXeIHQ5OyeANUCGUSmAm8bO_aWVEEjhQn6o2cf4oWr0s3JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kelh1r18h13vb
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Position Purpose This will be an integral part of Benchmark’s Scrum Teams, groups of highly productive technologists who thrive on finding new and better ways to help teachers generate outstanding educational results in and out of their classrooms and to design, develop, implement, and then operate intuitive customer software capabilities that help students learn. Responsibilities: Passionately architect, code, and advocate for enterprise software abilities: scalability, reliability, monitor-ability, maintainability, reusability, autonomics… Design, develop, deploy, maintain, and enhance custom software and database application capabilities. Act as a member of a product team supporting teammates and collaborating with a “do what it takes” attitude to ensure product and team success. Actively participate in Agile Scrum sprint planning, artifact creation, in-sprint testing, automated regression testing, demonstrations, retrospectives, and solution releases. Generate relevant metrics that help the team and members see how they are doing. Support the development of product roadmaps. Participate in estimating backlog items. Support release planning with conceptual design and development and the refinement of software engineering practices. Decompose backlog items into the software tasks based on the desired software architecture. Actively contribute to our Agile Community and the self-improvement or our teams and members. Analyze problems and help create innovative solutions involving technology, methodology, tool and solution components. Ensure product quality and timeliness of work, provide advice and guidance, and resolve problems to meet objectives. Help develop new and refine existing processes to enhance quality and productivity. Job Requirements/Desired Skills College degree in Computer Science or a related discipline, or equivalent professional experience. Strong software development background, with a minimum of two years’ experience in incremental software development projects using an Agile Scrum approach. Passion for software abstraction and reuse. Experience with commercial software development in PHP (preferred), Objective-C, Java, Ruby, Python. Familiarity with some of the following: Javascript, XML/XSLT/CSS, database solutions (SQL and noSQL), scripting, virtualization, Amazon Web Services (AWS), information exchanges, data warehouses, reporting, web applications, offline web applications, Object Oriented Development, SOAs, Queuing, Security controls, Automated testing, UML, Class diagrams, n-tier solutions. Experience with continuous integration tools and environments. Ability to identify and manage risk. Working knowledge of and ability to assist others in the use of software engineering tools to support process improvement. Excellent communication skills in English in written and spoken form. Strong collaboration skills and desire to work within a team. Understanding of all elements of the software development life cycle, including planning, development, requirements management, configuration management, quality assurance, and release management. Highly responsible, team-oriented individual with very strong communication skills and work ethic; self-starter. Ability to apply advanced principles, theories, and concepts, and contribute to the development of innovative principles and ideas. Experience working on unusually complicated problems and providing solutions that are high Benchmark Education Company offers competitive compensation; a collegial work environment; and comprehensive benefits for permanent full time employees which includes Medical, Dental, Vision as well as, 401K Plan, Profit Sharing and Life Insurance. To apply, please visit our website: www.benchmarkeducation.com and submit your resume and cover letter. Please include salary history and target in your letter. Benchmark Education Company values diversity and is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Job Type: Full-time Local candidates only: New Rochelle, NY Required experience: Experience with commercial software development in PHP (preferred), Objective-C, Java, Ruby, Python.: 1 year Required education: Bachelor's 	Software Engineer	Benchmark Education Company	New Rochelle	NY	New Rochelle, NY	Indeed	Tue, 01 Sep 2015 15:25:38 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=2931e44348daf2f4&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXeIHQ5OyeANUCGUSmAm8bO_aWVEEjhQn6o2cf4oWr0s3JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kelh1r18h13vb
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Software Engineer - Data Science ListenFirst Media ListenFirst Media is looking for strong analytical minds to work on challenging data science problems. Data science does not exist in a vacuum, it depends on a full understanding of available data and the ability to efficiently access that data. This is even more true in a startup atmosphere. The ideal candidate has arrived at data science via a software/data engineering path, has strong computer science fundamentals and has a solid grasp of scientific/experimental methodologies. ListenFirst is a social media analytics startup founded in 2012. Software engineers at ListenFirst have the satisfaction of knowing that their efforts play a critical role in the success of a small but growing company. Come join a team filled with incredibly talented individuals who are focused on a singular goal: building the stickiest analytics that marketing executives in Fortune 500 companies are dependent upon. Required Data Science Skills: ability to analyze, troubleshoot and design experiments to quickly validate ideas understanding of statistics solid grasp of data modeling experience with linear and non-linear modeling methods experience working on large data sets Required CS Skills: strong computer science fundamentals provable programming prowess, preferably in Ruby strong understanding of DBMS and SQL passion for writing tight, non-complex code strong experience with Linux experience with a sizable source code base and version control systems (git preferred) software engineering practices Desirable Skills: cloud experience, preferably AWS Education Level: baccalaureate, masters or doctorate degree preferably in computer science or other analytic subject area. Responsibilities: Candidates will come up to speed by working closely with the client services team to understand the type of analyses used in the industries that we service. They will also work closely with the engineering team to grok our data and how it is stored. There is an operational aspect to data science and this understanding will help the candidate ultimately become more self-sufficient. Going forward, the candidate will apply data science principles with the objective of innovating LFM's data products. This position is in the engineering team and will require working closely with the Product team and the VP of Engineering. Exceptional communication skills and a team-first attitude are a must. This is a great opportunity to work on challenging and incredibly market-relevant problems as the social media analytics industry is taking off! Candidates should be open minded and eager to learn. This position is open in New York City, NY. Candidates must have authorization to work in the U.S. Interested applicants, please submit cover letter and resume or CV.	Software Engineer - Data Science	ListenFirst Media	New York	NY	New York, NY	ListenFirst Media	Thu, 03 Sep 2015 05:43:00 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=626d43560b73dab8&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXeIHQ5OyeANUCGUSmAm8bO_aWVEEjhQn6o2cf4oWr0s3JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kelh1r18h13vb
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	developer Marketing used to be an exercise in one-to-many communication: billboards, magazine ads, and - more recently - having a powerful social media presence. At Custora, we’re helping to turn this model on its head, using mountains of data to help our customers direct the right campaigns to the right users rather than blasting the same message to the largest audience possible. Using predictive analytics, we deliver insights to our customers that have proven to be enormously valuable, and we are looking for talented front-end developers to help communicate these insights in ways that are both intuitive and actionable. Custora is a small but rapidly-growing company. Providing valuable insights to our customers through our dashboard is at the heart of the business, but we don’t currently have a dedicated team charged with managing it. Members of the front-end team will take ownership of all things client-side at Custora, contributing to each of the following areas: Building data visualization tools that give meaning to complex concepts and provide actionable insights to our customers Implementing the client-facing aspects of new features as they become available in our API, using the best technology available Creating special reports like the Custora Pulse to help us reach a wider audience Working directly with the design team to provide a uniform, modern look to all of our web-based experiences The stack While we make use of a wide variety of tools ( http://stackshare.io/custora/custora ), our primary web stack is AngularJS and Ruby on Rails deployed on AWS. We make extensive use of R for statistical analysis, and our primary data stores are MySQL and Redis. Qualifications Degree in Computer Science, or a deep competency in Computer Science achieved via other means A love, or at least appreciation, of Javascript as a real, powerful language and experience deploying large-scale, production applications using it Experience with AngularJS or similar framework Proven track record working in a startup or other fast-paced environment High standards for code quality and maintainability Experience with data visualization using tools like d3 Familiarity with Ruby on Rails a major plus Excellent problem-solving skills Benefits Competitive Salary Generous equity Health and Dental 100% covered All lunches paid for by the company Flexible Vacation Policy - Take as much time as you need for vacation and sick days Our Interview Process We ask all engineering candidates to complete a short take-home project as the first step in our process. The project is designed to be a fun game that we hope you'll enjoy working on, and it will give us a good idea about how you approach problems like the ones we work on every day. Submit your application below, and we'll get back to you with the details of the project shortly.	Front-End Software Engineer	Custora	New York	NY	New York, NY	Custora	Fri, 11 Sep 2015 14:48:03 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=1b75055417c07838&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXeIHQ5OyeANUCGUSmAm8bO_aWVEEjhQn6o2cf4oWr0s3JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kelh1r18h13vb
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	SOFTWARE SUPPORT ENGINEER III Position Type: Regular Rôle et responsabilités: CAE is a world leader in providing simulation and modeling technologies and integrated training solutions for the civil aviation industry and defense forces around the globe. With annual revenues exceeding C$1.5 billion, CAE employs more than 7,500 people at more than 100 sites and training locations in more than 20 countries. We have the largest installed base of civil and military full-flight simulators and training devices. Through our global network of 30 civil aviation and military training centers, we train more than 80,000 crewmembers yearly. We also offer modeling and simulation software to various market segments and, through CAE’s professional services division, we assist customers with a wide range of simulation-based needs. CAE was founded in 1947 and is headquartered in Canada. With clients in more than 100 countries, CAE has the broadest global reach of any simulation and training equipment and services company on the market. Job Responsibilities: • Perform all levels of software and / or hardware designs; utilizing established engineering standards, to support training device modification requirements. • Install, verify, and document new / modified software / hardware designs. • Identify the need and assess the requirements for modifications to the training device software and / or hardware to enhance realism or correct discrepancies. • Assist members of the Technical Support staff in resolving complex technical problems that require detailed knowledge of specific hardware and / or software systems. • Develop and conduct technical training courses related to area of expertise. • Design, develop, and document operational, maintenance, and troubleshooting procedures. QUALIFICATIONS &amp; SKILLS • Computer Systems: IBM Workstations. • Operating Systems: UNIX, Linux, and / or MS Windows. • Languages: FORTRAN, C/C++, and / or Assembly. • Ability to perform all technical aspects, both hardware and software, in related field(s) of expertise with minimal assistance. • Experienced in analysis, design, and implementation of real time flight simulation systems and software on mainframe and distributed computing environments. EDUCATION &amp; EXPERIENCE REQUIRED • Minimum 4 years of flight simulator engineering experience. • Bachelors Degree in Engineering / Computer Science / Aeronautical disciplines or equivalent work experience. CAE is an Equal Opportunity Employer and considers qualified applicants for employment without regard to race, color, creed, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, age, disability, veteran status, or any other protected factor. Accessibility CAE is committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodation to individuals with physical and mental disabilities. If you need special assistance or an accommodation while seeking employment, please e-mail sfhr@cae.com or call: 972-456-8347. We will make a determination on your request for reasonable accommodation on a case-by-case basis. E-Verify As a Federal Contractor, CAE is required to participate in the E-Verify Program to confirm eligibility to work in the United States. For information regarding your legal rights and protections, please click the link below to download and view the attachments in English/Spanish. CAE thanks all applicants for their interest. However, only those whose background and experience match the requirements of the role will be contacted. Énoncé sur l'égalité d'accès à l'emploi CAE s’engage fermement à assurer un milieu de travail positif et professionnel au sein duquel les personnes sont traitées avec respect et dignité. Notre objectif est d’assurer une méthode juste et cohérente de pourvoir les postes vacants au sein de notre entreprise, et ce, en appui à l'égalité des chances et à la diversité culturelle. 	SOFTWARE SUPPORT ENGINEER III	CAE Inc.	Whippany	NJ	Whippany, NJ	CAE Inc.	Wed, 14 Oct 2015 18:59:00 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=42a1537f082dd8fc&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXeIHQ5OyeANUCGUSmAm8bO_aWVEEjhQn6o2cf4oWr0s3JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kelh1r18h13vb
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	*Duties and Responsibilities * Enhance and extend our Photoshop, Sketch and PDF image extraction services * Work with other developers and product designers to brainstorm and test new ideas * Drive to continuously maintain high product quality and improve the process *General Qualifications * Strong problem solving and decision-making ability * Strong software engineering fundamentals (unit testing, object-oriented design, functional programming, data structures) * Experience designing and deploying applications with Javascript and NodeJS * Experience designing and deploying applications in C/C++, Objective-C, C# * Experience in image processing is a plus * Experience building plug-ins and extensions for Photoshop is a plus * Preference for working in rapid development cycles (2-4 weeks) * Familiarity with common tools like Git, Jira, Confluence, Jenkins/CI * Experience with Continuous Integration/Continuous Delivery environments * Obsessively thorough with an eye for detail * Excellent oral and written communications skills Benefits Highly competitive salary Stock options Premium health coverage Macbook Pro Membership at health club of your choice Unlimited books from Amazon Unlimited Starbucks card Half-day Fridays! 	Senior Software Engineer - Image Extraction	InVision	New York	NY	New York, NY	InVision	Thu, 08 Oct 2015 16:43:02 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=57354a26133efa3f&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXeIHQ5OyeANUCGUSmAm8bO_aWVEEjhQn6o2cf4oWr0s3JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kelh1r18h13vb
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Want to take your Javascript skills up a notch? Would you like to work on some cutting edge technology? Thomson Reuters’ Collaboration team is looking for a passionate software engineer who want to up their game. Stop building web pages and start developing web applications. Eikon Messenger is an enterprise messaging client that has become mission critical for thousands of high-profile finance professionals. Running continuously for weeks, EM must remain fast and responsive while handling thousands of messages, status updates, file shares, notifications and more. You’ll help us seamlessly migrate from older to newer messaging protocols, be in on the ground floor of a complete UI overhaul, plus suggest and build improvements that will make users happy and put your lasting mark on the product. If that sounds more exciting than using yet another jQuery plugin then maybe you should consider this opportunity. Active participation in project planning sessions with team members to analyze development requirements, provide design options, provide work breakdown and estimates of work. Develops and integrates applications as per written specifications. Translates technical requirements and design documentation into application code and modules. Provides status updates for own scope of work within projects. Writes new software or makes modifications to existing software applications and modules in accordance with written specifications. Develops software using disciplined software development processes, adhering to industry standards and software best practice guidelines. Carries out unit testing, ensuring application meets needs of client and business. Requirements: Advanced knowledge of Javascript. Knowledge of MVC style web application development and best practices Experience in writing maintainable CSS with experience in Less or Sass. Previous experience in writing web applications (not websites) preferred Experience in Ruby on Rails a plus We are the leading source of intelligent information for the world's businesses and professionals, providing customers with competitive advantage. Intelligent information is a unique synthesis of human intelligence, industry expertise and innovative technology that provides decision-makers with the knowledge to act, enabling them to make better decisions faster. We deliver this must-have insight to the financial and risk, legal, tax and accounting, intellectual property and science and media markets, powered by the world's most trusted news organization. Qualifications At Thomson Reuters, we believe what we do matters. We are passionate about our work, inspired by the impact it has on our business and our customers. As a team, we believe in winning as one - collaborating to reach shared goals, and developing through challenging and meaningful experiences. With over 60,000 employees in more than 100 countries, we work flexibly across boundaries and realize innovations that help shape industries around the world. Making this happen is a dynamic, evolving process, and we count on each employee to be a catalyst in driving our performance - and their own. As a global business, we rely on diversity of culture and thought to deliver on our goals. To ensure we can do that, we seek talented, qualified employees in all our operations around the world regardless of race, color, sex/gender, including pregnancy, gender identity and expression, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, disability, age, marital status, citizen status, veteran status, or any other protected classification under country or local law. Thomson Reuters is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer providing a drug-free workplace. Intrigued by a challenge as large and fascinating as the world itself? Come join us. To learn more about what we offer, please visit careers.thomsonreuters.com. More information about Thomson Reuters can be found on thomsonreuters.com. Job: Technology Development Family Group Primary Location: United States of America-New York-New York-USA-New York-3 Times Square Organization: F&amp;R UPG Transactions Development Schedule: Full-time Education Level: None Job Type: Standard Shift: Day Job	Software Engineer (Javascript)	Thomson Reuters	New York	NY	New York, NY	Thomson Reuters	Wed, 09 Sep 2015 10:50:34 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=bb48f4423a05cfb8&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXeIHQ5OyeANUCGUSmAm8bO_aWVEEjhQn6o2cf4oWr0s3JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kelh1r18h13vb
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Do you want to develop game-changing technology – and find novel ways to make it better? Are you interested in helping us push the technological envelope? Broadway is seeking Senior Software Developers to develop state-of-the-art C++ trading applications for our groundbreaking high-performance automated trading platform. This is your opportunity to be at the forefront of one of the most exciting areas on Wall Street. You will play a critical role in the full development life cycle, from conception through support and maintenance, including many fast-cycle version iterations. Responsibilities: Design, implement, and release state-of-the-art C++ components and applications for mission-critical, high-performance, globally distributed systems Maintain the Broadway brand and advance Broadway’s impeccable reputation for customer satisfaction. Work closely with customer-facing consultants to ensure that development efforts truly meet customer needs. Champion Broadway’s culture and development methodology within assigned projects/teams Create and track project plans. Convey project status, issues, and risks effectively Lead and mentor junior developers Be a team player—share information openly, help others, be open to new ideas, and “go the extra mile” when needed Requirements: Exceptional C++ programming skills Exceptional distributed systems programming skills Familiarity with SQL and databases Excellent grasp of software engineering principles, life cycle, and best practices Exceptional problem-solving skills Ability to learn a new industry and technology quickly Ability to work both independently and in teams Strong self-management skills, initiative, and ability to juggle multiple disparate projects Bachelor’s degree in computer science or related field; Masters preferred Candidates will face stringent technical interviews Experience: At least 5 years programming in at least one industry-standard language (C++, C#, C, Java) Knowledge of at least one scripting language (Perl, Python, Ruby, JavaScript, etc.) Experience with Python, Perl, Linux, Win 32, and/or UNIX/Solaris a plus Experience with financial software and/or financial trading, especially in fixed income, a plus Experience with financial broker/exchange APIs (e.g. price feeds, order execution) a plus Experience with real-time distributed systems and fast-cycle version iterations a plus 	Senior Software Engineer - NYC	Broadway Technology	New York	NY	New York, NY	Broadway Technology	Tue, 08 Sep 2015 06:23:30 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=cb6bcda9da5dcb7f&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXeIHQ5OyeANUCGUSmAm8bO_aWVEEjhQn6o2cf4oWr0s3JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kelh1r18h13vb
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Sr Software Engineer, Creative &amp; Media Delivery We are building a revolutionary programmatic creative platform at scale. As a Senior Software Engineer on the Creative &amp; Media Delivery team, you will be at the center of innovation and development of our proprietary tools for building and configuring highly dynamic and customizable marketing experiences. In this role, you will be responsible for designing and implementing elegant software, championing and evangelizing best practices as well as owning complex projects. We are looking for hardcore full-stack Engineers that have deep experience with front-end frameworks as well as solid background in backend development and enterprise system design. About the Role You will: Develop new products and features; build upon and maintain existing ones Write fast and elegant code with testability in mind Take the initiative in problem solving and system improvements Successfully lead projects involving several developers Provide engineering support for other departments as needed Generate new product and feature ideas (e.g. Hackathons, brainstorming, etc) About You Bachelor’s degree or equivalent experience, Master’s degree a plus 3+ years of experience Expert level experience with Javascript and related technologies and frameworks such as coffeescript, Angular Well-rounded experience building UIs &amp; APIs. Experience with object-oriented languages such as Ruby, Python, PHP, Java, etc Experience with SQL and no-SQL (e.g., Cassandra) database technologies Ad Tech experience is a plus About Spongecell: Spongecell is an award-winning advertising technology company that transforms standard ads into dynamic, interactive ad experiences that run anywhere on the web. Spongecell's data-driven ad solutions help brand advertisers and their creative and media agencies deliver more effective video and display campaigns and better analyze consumer engagement. An independent, privately owned company, Spongecell is headquartered in New York City and has offices across the United States and Europe. We'll provide you a competitive salary based on your experience, plus great benefits (employee sponsored health and dental, 401(k), great vacation and work environment We'll provide you with a fun and challenging job with opportunity for growth We listen to your opinions about our company and encourage you to contribute in ways that interest you Spongecell attracts people who are intelligent, results driven, collaborative and fun. For more information, please visit: http://www.spongecell.com/	Senior Software Engineer, Creative & Media Delivery	Spongecell	New York	NY	New York, NY	Spongecell	Sat, 29 Aug 2015 04:11:17 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=cc1729c7b0dde965&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXeIHQ5OyeANUCGUSmAm8bO_aWVEEjhQn6o2cf4oWr0s3JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kelh1r18h13vb
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Job Description: If your personal philosophy is build it, break it and then rebuild it better than you may be an ideal fit for this role. As a Software Engineer in Test, your world will extend far beyond manual testing. This person will write scripts to automate testing and create tools that allow developers to test their own code. You will have a direct impact on the quality of our product through navigating our client's code base, identifying weak spots and constantly designing better and more creative ways to break software and identify potential problems. Job Requirements: Computer Science Degree (or related) and at least 3 years of related experience. This should include: -Experience with Selenium and/or open source technologies -Ability to push automation to the next level by building test frameworks -Expert Java skills -Extensive experience with APIs -Able to multi-task day to day activities and effectively identify issues.	Software Engineer in Test	Starpoint Solutions	New York	NY	New York, NY	Starpoint Solutions	Thu, 01 Oct 2015 07:56:51 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=faeacc4557042ab6&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXeIHQ5OyeANUCGUSmAm8bO_aWVEEjhQn6o2cf4oWr0s3JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kelh1r18h13vb
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Job Description: If your personal philosophy is build it, break it and then rebuild it better than you may be an ideal fit for this role. As a Software Engineer in Test, your world will extend far beyond manual testing. This person will write scripts to automate testing and create tools that allow developers to test their own code. You will have a direct impact on the quality of our product through navigating our client's code base, identifying weak spots and constantly designing better and more creative ways to break software and identify potential problems. Job Requirements: Computer Science Degree (or related) and at least 3 years of related experience. This should include: -Experience with Selenium and/or open source technologies -Ability to push automation to the next level by building test frameworks -Expert Java skills -Extensive experience with APIs -Able to multi-task day to day activities and effectively identify issues.	Software Engineer in Test	Starpoint Solutions	New York	NY	New York, NY	Starpoint Solutions	Thu, 01 Oct 2015 07:56:51 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=faeacc4557042ab6&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXbzlUXXGXB-wBba4UkGH96yPTDE12pxzvhnbuQ_9D2IfJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3keln4918ij46l
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	The Role: Peloton is looking for a Senior DevOps engineer to join our technical operations team. We are a small, fast-paced, growing team of engineers tackling challenging problems at scale and headquartered in Manhattan. We are powered by an ecosystem of about a dozen RESTful services and plan to surface more than 120,000 hours of video in the next year. Software engineers with interest and/or experience in system automation are also encouraged to apply for this position. Candidate Requirements: Very experienced with Linux system and database administration. We have Ubuntu, PostgreSQL, Redis, Cassandra. Substantial experience with a programming language like Python, Perl, Ruby, Bash, Java, C. We write in Python, Java, Javascript. Experience developing and monitoring mission critical systems. Knowledge of and a passion for centralized configuration such as chef, puppet, or ansible. We use Chef. Significant experience and a love for data modeling, relational and otherwise deep interest in systems, operations, devops Experience with or interest in learning about streaming applications and media servers (e.g., Wowza, Elemental Live) Experience with HTTP servers. We use Nginx. Experience building tools and systems to enable other developers to build great things Bonus: experience configuring and monitoring CDNs. We use Akamai, Cloudfront, Cloudflare. About Peloton: Founded in 2012, Peloton has transformed the at-home fitness experience by creating a bike that merges high-design with modern technology to provide access to live streaming and on demand indoor cycling classes led by elite instructors. With a state of the art studio, the best instructors and content distribution, Peloton delivers an intense high-energy workout that motivates, while positively changing the mind and body.	Software Engineer - DevOps	Peloton Interactive, Inc.	New York	NY	New York, NY	Peloton Interactive, Inc.	Tue, 01 Sep 2015 06:21:33 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=d29ad463b2916294&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXbzlUXXGXB-wBba4UkGH96yPTDE12pxzvhnbuQ_9D2IfJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3keln4918ij46l
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Job Summary Are you passionate, driven, and inspired to help people? Do you embrace differences in other's backgrounds and perspectives? Do you take pride, accept accountability, and strive to be awesome in everything you do? Are you proactive and persistent, with a sense of urgency and purpose? Do you insist on teamwork and open, effective communication? Are you continuously striving to achieve better outcomes through innovation, creativity, growth and learning? If you answered "Yes" to these questions, then you'll fit right in here at HealthcareSource! We are seeking a Senior Software Engineer to create awesome software that helps healthcare organizations acquire, develop and retain quality people and in turn, deliver outstanding care to patients. This position offers excellent career growth and is ideal for someone looking for the next step in a highly visible role. The position is located in our Clifton Park, NY office and reports to the Software Engineering Manager. What will I do? You’ll work on new product development, front-to-back, utilizing cutting edge Microsoft technologies. You’ll analyze, design, code, test and deploy software on a variety of projects. You’ll be a part of all phases of development and you’ll be psyched to know that we are doing Agile really, really well with an emphasis on architecture, quality, design and code reviews. What do I need? 5+ years of experience in .NET technologies that might include: C#, HTML, CSS, JQuery, ASP.NET, MVC, Web API, WCF, App Fabric, Entity Framework or other ORM, MEF, Visual Studio, Octopus, NuGet, ReSharper, TFS Solid understanding of database technologies, SQL Server preferred Proven ability to quickly investigate, learn and deliver technical solutions Proven ability to master new development tools and passion for learning Exceptional communication and collaboration skills Experience with in an Agile/Scrum environment preferred About HealthcareSource: With more than 2,500 healthcare clients, HealthcareSource is the leading provider of talent management solutions for the healthcare industry. The HealthcareSource Quality Talent SuiteSM helps healthcare organizations recruit, develop, and retain the best workforce possible in order to improve the patient and resident experience. The company’s cloud-based talent management solutions include applicant tracking, behavioral assessments, reference checking, employee performance, compensation, competency and learning management, and eLearning courseware. A private company focused exclusively on the healthcare industry, HealthcareSource consistently earns high marks for client satisfaction and retention. KLAS Research recently named HealthcareSource a category leader for Talent Management for the third consecutive year, in addition to recognition in Healthcare Informatics 100, Modern Healthcare’s “Healthcare’s Hottest,” Inc. 500|5000, Deloitte Technology Fast 500, and Becker’s “150 Great Places to Work in Healthcare” list. HealthcareSource is an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate against qualified applicants with regard to race, color, religion, gender, age, sexual orientation, national origin, handicap, or veteran status.	Senior Software Engineer	Vanguard Health Systems	New York	NY	New York, NY	Vanguard Health Systems	Mon, 05 Oct 2015 00:41:39 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=2277193fa8abdc79&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXbzlUXXGXB-wBba4UkGH96yPTDE12pxzvhnbuQ_9D2IfJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3keln4918ij46l
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Finario is a fast growing SaaS start-up with an innovative cloud-based solution for capital expenditure management and collaboration. Larger enterprises deploy our service to automate and standardize the investment process, control costs, improve project performance and create a single system of financial record for Capex. This is a great opportunity for a motivated and skilled software engineer to get in early with a rapidly growing, already profitable company that retains a lively start-up culture. You'll be a key member of a world-class team making a real impact trailblazing a new application category. The ideal candidate will have: Significant software development experience building web hosted applications using a popular javascript framework like Backbone or Angular. A good understanding of REST with web application frameworks like Ruby on Rails. Strong Test Driven Development inclinations and skills. Experience and or a strong desire to work in an Agile process like Scrum. We’re looking for someone who loves to solve problems with elegant code. Responsibilities: Participate on a product team that defines incremental product improvements and exciting new capabilities Debate technical and product perspectives to optimize the balance between scope, technical debt and implementation effort Architect and design elegant solutions Write code that can test itself in Ruby, CoffeeScript, or JavaScript Monitor and improve the application’s stability and performance Reduce technical debt with exciting application or DevOps code Required Qualifications: 5+ years of software engineering experience using open source tools Experience with NoSQL, especially MongoDB Significant knowledge and experience with Scrum/Agile and TDD Good understanding of key Internet technologies and protocols Strong verbal communication skills Strong theory and application, at or exceeding college level Ability to work independently with minimal direction Innovative thinker with high degree of initiative and self-motivation Desired Skills &amp; Experience: Design, development and scaling of multi-tenant Software-as-a-Service offerings RSpec, Jasmine, Ruby on Rails, Backbone.js, MongoDB, Chef, AWS, Linux 	Software Engineer	Finario	New York	NY	New York, NY	Finario	Tue, 01 Sep 2015 20:59:59 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=95f412fbb671fe76&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXbzlUXXGXB-wBba4UkGH96yPTDE12pxzvhnbuQ_9D2IfJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3keln4918ij46l
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Developer Do you have any idea how hard marketing is these days? Just a few years ago, marketing departments had few tools to customize their messages and limited data to measure the effectiveness of their campaigns. Today, they have unlimited ability to customize, oceans of data, and mounting expectations to use these tools to drive value for their companies. At Custora, we use data to deliver custom marketing experiences for our customers, improving the bottom line and the user experience at the same time. We're growing at a rapid pace, taking on bigger customers every day, and multiplying the amount of data we collect by several orders of magnitude. As we leap into the next phase of our growth, we need developers who are motivated to solve tough problems, experiment with new technology, and help us change the way e-commerce marketing works in ways that will benefit both companies and consumers. We have hard problems to solve. We're already analyzing data for well over 500,000,000 end customers, and this number is growing fast. We're pulling data from numerous sources, computing sophisticated statistics on the fly, and building a marketing experimentation platform that's usable by the entire marketing team. Plenty of responsibility. We're a small team, and each of us owns the projects we are most passionate about. You'll have the opportunity to own large parts of the business and the software. Try new things. Experimentation is one of our core values at Custora, and we need engineers who will apply new approaches to solving our problems. As our data grows and we move from a batch processing model to real-time analytics, we are ready and able to try new solutions. The stack While we make use of a wide variety of tools ( http://stackshare.io/custora/custora ), our primary web stack is Ruby on Rails and AngularJS deployed on AWS. We make extensive use of R for statistical analysis, and our primary data stores are MySQL and Redis. Qualifications Degree in Computer Science, or a deep competency in Computer Science achieved via other means Experience shipping production web applications in Ruby on Rails or similar framework Familiarity with SQL-based databases Proven track record working in a startup or other fast-paced environment High standards for code quality and maintainability Familiarity with R, Matlab, or other statistical programming environment a major plus Experience with e-commerce a big plus Excellent problem-solving skills Benefits Competitive Salary Generous equity Health and Dental 100% covered All lunches paid for by the company Flexible Vacation Policy - Take as much time as you need for vacation and sick days Our Interview Process We ask all engineering candidates to complete a short take-home project as the first step in our process. The project is designed to be a fun game that we hope you'll enjoy working on, and it will give us a good idea about how you approach problems like the ones we work on every day. Submit your application below, and we'll get back to you with the details of the project shortly.	Back-End Software Engineer	Custora	New York	NY	New York, NY	Custora	Fri, 04 Sep 2015 02:50:24 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=e2b99bf8220e67f2&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXbzlUXXGXB-wBba4UkGH96yPTDE12pxzvhnbuQ_9D2IfJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3keln4918ij46l
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	About the Company: Imagine if you could go back in time and join the companies of legend that defined what it meant to have a smartphone, computer, or search the internet. This is it for the IoT and vehicles, the next humanity changing technological event! Our venture is leading that major industry disruptive effort and this is the rare opportunity to join at the ground-level. Because we are a part of the Continental family, we are already deeply rooted in the vehicle and IoT ecosystems. Overview: While others are focusing on second generation products to incrementally improve, Conti ITS is focusing on creating exciting NEW products for our users in the IoT space. You will work with an experienced team coming from MIT, Stanford, Wellesley, Wharton, Google (self-driving car project), Microsoft, and Intel, to build the world-changing next-generation automotive cloud service. We are passionate about our projects and are driven to create the technology that everyone knows should already be here. Responsibilities Work directly with executive teams of leading companies, getting rock star visibility. Participate in product ideation and definition. Work with other engineers to build the product through the architecture, design, and delivery phases. End to end feature ownership for cloud scale, high traffic, mobile applications. Write bulletproof code with emphasis on high-quality. Required Qualifications Bachelors Degree and/or Masters Degree Computer Science or related subject area. 4+ years of experience as Software Development Engineer for iOS applications in Swift/Objective-C. Proficiency in at least TWO of the following languages, with at least 3 years experience each: C/C++/Objective-C, Swift, Go, Java, Python, Javascript. Keen interest in learning new technologies and ability to quickly ramp-up and be productive in a short time, especially on new languages like Swift, Go, etc. Experience building iOS apps with web services using JSON, REST, RPC, etc. Knowledge of UI/UX best practices &amp; design standards for iOS. Strong understating and experience in object-oriented design principles, modular design patterns, data structures, algorithm design, problem solving, and software complexity analysis. Strong team player, independent, organized and able to work in a fast-paced dynamic environment. Good written and oral communication skills. Qualified applicant needs to show past portfolio which demonstrate major contribution to iOS mobile app design and implementation. Preferred Qualifications: Basic understanding of automotive technologies. Experience building apps for multiple iOS devices: iPhone, iPad, etc. Experience with cloud services such as AWS, Microsoft Azure, Google App Engine, or OpenStack. Experience and/or knowledge in Swift, jQuery mobile, HTML5, CSS3, AJAX, JSON, Java and JSP. Knowledge and experience in database programming using MySQL, Postgres, etc. Solid understanding of the software development process, including release management, git, etc. Required Qualifications Bachelors Degree and/or Masters Degree Computer Science or related subject area. 4+ years of experience as Software Development Engineer for iOS applications in Swift/Objective-C. Proficiency in at least TWO of the following languages, with at least 3 years experience each: C/C++/Objective-C, Swift, Go, Java, Python, Javascript. Keen interest in learning new technologies and ability to quickly ramp-up and be productive in a short time, especially on new languages like Swift, Go, etc. Experience building iOS apps with web services using JSON, REST, RPC, etc. Knowledge of UI/UX best practices &amp; design standards for iOS. Strong understating and experience in object-oriented design principles, modular design patterns, data structures, algorithm design, problem solving, and software complexity analysis. Strong team player, independent, organized and able to work in a fast-paced dynamic environment. Good written and oral communication skills. Qualified applicant needs to show past portfolio which demonstrate major contribution to iOS mobile app design and implementation.	Senior Software Engineer - iOS	Continental AG	New York	NY	New York, NY	CareerBuilder	Fri, 23 Oct 2015 22:16:56 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=a3e04c64831a2a54&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXbzlUXXGXB-wBba4UkGH96yPTDE12pxzvhnbuQ_9D2IfJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3keln4918ij46l
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Software Engineer - Java 8 / Scala Required Skills &amp; Qualifications: Java or Scala BS or MS in Computer Science or Computer Engineering Working knowledge of at least one testing framework (e.g. Mockito) Preferred Skills &amp; Qualifications: Experience working in Agile environment Strong understanding of Design Patterns Industry knowledge beneficial Working knowledge of Build &amp; Deploy frameworks (Gradle, Jenkins, Chef) Experience working on large open source projects Working knowledge of Git Comfortable with Dependency Injection (e.g. Guice) Domain Driven Design background #LI-KB1	Software Engineer - Platform Developer	Continuity Partners	New York	NY	New York, NY	Continuity Partners	Wed, 30 Sep 2015 21:10:32 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=ccf63593d92d9d8b&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXbzlUXXGXB-wBba4UkGH96yPTDE12pxzvhnbuQ_9D2IfJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3keln4918ij46l
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Dealertrack is currently looking fora Software Engineer with web development experience inPython - Django and exposure to Software as a Service to join our team in Lake Success, NY. Who We Are + What We Do Dealertrack is the leading provider of digital solutions for automotive retail. Combining dealer perspectives, consumer insights, and tech-fueled innovation, weve built a marketing, sales, and operations platform thats helping to transform the automotive retail industry. Our offices span nearly 20 cities from coast to coast with location-specific programs and amenities to create work environments that nurture collaboration, creativity, innovation and professional development. Our Engineering Team Our Software Engineers are energetic influencers who have built a world-class software platform, for auto dealers, from the ground up. Were looking for thinkers at every stage in their career with intensity and creativity to take on the biggest challenges in our industry. Risk-taking is encouraged here, and we reward great results. Collaboration and support are woven into the fabric of everything we do from 24-hour Hackathon groups to sprint reviews and scrum teams, youll be immersed in an environment that nurtures individualism, creative problem-solving, and intellect. The Job As a Software Engineer, you will work in a collaborative team environment that encourages you to perform at your best, and challenges you to engineer elegant solutions for complex business problems. You will architect, design and develop robust software systems with unit and systems testing. You will need to be able to quickly learn and use new technologies, troubleshoot difficult problems and be an expert with the software lifecycle including scoping and estimation of requirements along with writing of technical documentation. Technology We Use Github Enterprise, Continuous Integration, Jenkins, Python, Django, Celery, Django Rest Framework, SQLAlchemy, Redis, MongoDB and vagrant. Responsibilities Coding of SaaS applications in an Agile development environment Developing automated tests, predicting areas of risk, and coordinating with our QA staff to achieve the best blend of error prevention and error detection possible Collaborate with other developers on best practices, code reviews, internal tools and process improvements Guide, coach and mentor team members as required, assisting in the teams skills development during software development projects What We Look For Bachelors degree in Computer Science or related field or equivalent experience. 3 - 5 years of related work experience. 3 4 years of total experience in object oriented web development (OOD) 2+ years of experience of web development with PythonDjango 2 years of Java or other OOD web technology Ability to work independently designing, developing and deploying solutions, and to deliver projects on time with minimal direction Experience with both UI and backend development including using one ORM technology 2+ years of experience with development work on Linux Experience using development tools include source control (SVN, Git, Mercurial), IDEs, and defect tracking tools Ability and desire to learn new skills and technologies are essential Stay connected and follow us on Twitter DTCareers httpstwitter.comDTCareers to get the latest updates on new opportunities. Company Dealertrack	Software Engineer - Python	Dealertrack Technologies	Great Neck	NY	Great Neck, NY	Dice	Tue, 03 Nov 2015 23:20:32 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=7cdd5ad019ab6beb&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXbzlUXXGXB-wBba4UkGH96yPTDE12pxzvhnbuQ_9D2IfJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3keln4918ij46l
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	We are looking for a Senior Software Engineer that will help us shape core products and extend existing solutions as part of our agile development team. Participate in full life-cycle software development Design, implement, and deploy highly scalable and reliable systems Contribute ideas for new features and identify areas for improvement proactively Mentor the team on best practices, patterns, and techniques Work closely with the strategy,business and UX teams Qualifications Qualifications: We are looking for a highly-motivated, experienced Java Developer with strong technical, problem solving, and design skills. Team is responsible for developing backend services and processes which are critical to Moody’s ratings data flow. Required Skills Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or related field 2+ years of Java/J2EE Programming experience in a Unix/Linux environment Solid understanding of Data Structures, Algorithms &amp; Object-Oriented design concepts Proficiency with relational databases / SQL development Experience designing and implementing REST and XML-based web services Big data experience is a plus Ability to solve complicated problems with simple solutions Passion for new technologies and services Understanding of Agile SDLC methodology Excellent verbal and communication skills in English Preferred Skills: Experience with Spring &amp; Hibernate, Maven Experience with Agile Development Positive, self-starter attitude and desire to exceed expectations at every opportunity Attention to detail and absolute focus on quality of work Desire to learn and improve every day Department/Team Content 	Sr.Software Engineer	Moody's Corporation	New York	NY	New York, NY	Moody's Corporation	Mon, 31 Aug 2015 16:30:56 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=3fbb381f54e230ab&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXbzlUXXGXB-wBba4UkGH96yPTDE12pxzvhnbuQ_9D2IfJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3keln4918ij46l
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Type: Full Time Min. Experience: Experienced Who we are: We are Dataminr, the leading real-time information discovery company. Our ability to find and deliver information faster than any other source has completely revolutionized the information discovery space! Our ascent to being the most exciting company in New York City and the “super tool of journalists and hedge funds” has led to numerous accolades and achievements. We’ve been named #13 on CNBC’s Disruptor 50 list, added to the AlwaysOn Global 250 Top Private Companies list and received an invitation to speak at the World Economic Forum. Headquartered in New York City and nearing 200 employees, Dataminr provides a challenging and dynamic environment where everyone feels that they have the freedom to be innovative, impactful and influential. We’ve crafted a culture that promotes team interaction, work-life balance and the sharing of information and ideas because it empowers us to do our best work and have fun. If you want to be a part of the most interesting and exciting high-growth tech company in New York, please keep reading! Who you are: You are a dedicated software engineer interested in helping us sort, analyze and deliver relevant information from terabytes of unstructured data in the social media space. You are interested in strong abstractions that allow for fast iteration, easy integration and short development cycles, allowing us to constantly learn from our data and empowering our clients to apply these insights toward product enhancements. Desired Skills &amp; Experience: B.S/M.S./Ph.D. in Computer Science or related fields 5+ years experience in handling or analyzing large volumes of data Strong experience with distributed data processing system, such as Hadoop/MapReduce, Hive, Pig and SQL/NoSQL databases Extensive experience in Java or C++ and experience with scripting languages Excellent knowledge of data structures, algorithms and design patterns Ability to solve open-ended problems in an elegant, scalable manner Pay close attention to detail and display a high standard for accuracy and responsiveness Excellent verbal and written communication skills Self-motivation and an ability to handle multiple competing priorities in a fast-paced environment Ability to work both independently and collaboratively within a team Our offering of competitive benefits and perks include: Company paid benefits for employees and their dependents, such as medical, dental, vision, disability and life Flexible spending account to be used for out-of-pocket medical, transit, parking and dependent care expenses 401(k) savings plan Generous leave Daily catered meals A kitchen fully stocked with snacks and beverages …and this is just to name a few! Dataminr is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. Individuals seeking employment at Dataminr are considered without regards to race, sex, color, creed, religion, national origin, age, disability, genetics, marital status, pregnancy, unemployment status, sexual orientation, citizenship status or veteran status.	Senior Software Engineer - Data	Dataminr	New York	NY	New York, NY	Dataminr	Sat, 10 Oct 2015 05:50:09 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=90acf3fd7d8f352c&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXbzlUXXGXB-wBba4UkGH96yPTDE12pxzvhnbuQ_9D2IfJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3keln4918ij46l
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Title is Senior Technology Specialist. This person will be a part of their web development team. Looking for someone who is senior level and who can lead a team/projects. This candidate must have .NET experience and be up to date on technologies. They will be very hands on working on a variety of different projects with many different groups. Cross platform background is a plus. This candidate will do a lot of analysis (approximately 20%), a lot of development (60%), as well as lead/provide recommendations and mentor a group of consultants. Up to $140k but are will to go up if they are a rock star. RESPONSIBILITIES: The Senior Technology Specialist will participate in or lead requirements definition efforts at the program, process and system levels. This position will document results of the requirements definition process at the business process and technical level. Requirements may be for custom development or adaptation of third party or packaged application software. The Senior Technology Specialist will design new programs, processes and systems. Design may be custom or involve adaptation of or integration to third party or packaged applications software across multi -platforms. Design activities may involve learning package software and mapping business requirements to application capabilities. This position will use appropriate tools to document and communicate designs. S/he will develop new programs, processes and systems. Development may be executed using standard development tools or tools specific to third party software. New process development may involve the configuring of third party or packaged application software and/or custom development. Development may be across multi-platforms. The Senior Technology Specialist will ensure the quality of developed and delivered IT capabilities. In addition, they will coordinate, execute and document systems testing. This position will ensure proper change control procedures are followed. This position will evaluate system integration impacts beyond the scope of specified change, as well as evaluate the work of junior team members for technical quality, adherence to standards and completeness. The Senior Technology Specialist will provide support as necessary to existing suite of applications within a functional area and solve software problems in a timely fashion. They will also provide support to user-customers on technical and process questions. This position will provide mentoring to junior technical staff, as well as maintain current technical skills and development of new skills through formal and informal skills development regimens. S/he will provide periodic updates to project leaders and managers on status of activities. To be qualified for this position you must have: Bachelors degree or equivalent job related experience (6-8 years) .NET and SQL Server background with expertise in .Net framework (2.0, 3.0, 3.5, 4.5) Web based Application Development using ASP.Net, C#, ADO.Net Database programming (SQL Server 2000/2005/2008) with ODBC/OLEDB Excellent problem solving and analytical skills High level of motivation; ability to learn quickly and adapt to a fast changing technical environment Preferred Qualifications: Passion and drive to keep up with industry trends. 	Software Engineer	Robert Half Technology	Parsippany	NJ	Parsippany, NJ	Robert Half Technology	Mon, 12 Oct 2015 09:46:49 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=7ec50b0925c7baf2&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXbzlUXXGXB-wBba4UkGH96yPTDE12pxzvhnbuQ_9D2IfJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3keln4918ij46l
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	As a Software Engineer in Test, you have the opportunity to accelerate the delivery and to improve the quality of IPsoft products. You will be responsible for designing and implementing development and test infrastructure. You will be part of a Research &amp; Development team that is working on problems in a number of areas, including caching optimizations, content delivery, network protocols, machine learning, and Artificial Intelligence. Your focus is developing code rather than fixing or finding bugs. Your job is to accelerate product development by helping developers help themselves. Responsibilities: Develop test strategies and test plans for new components and services. Write specifications for tests, test reporting automation and data analysis. Execute tests and help root-cause issues working with software development teams. Work with development teams to improve test processes. Gather feedback for and implement continuous test improvement. Code Selenium web driver automation tests in Java. Help speed up regression cycles by identifying areas of automation opportunities. Qualifications: BA/BS degree with a focus in Computer Science or Software Engineering or equivalent practical experience. Strong coding ability in Java. Hands-on experience in Selenium web driver or equivalent technologies. 3+ years experience in software industry with 2 years in software testing. 3+ years experience executing tests and automating test cases. Experience with unit testing. Deep knowledge of test methodologies, writing test plans, creating test cases and debugging. Extensive knowledge of UNIX/Linux server architectures and networked system environments. Strong knowledge of distributed systems and architecture. 	Software Development Engineer in Test	IPsoft	New York	NY	New York, NY	IPsoft	Wed, 26 Aug 2015 05:27:25 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=7c0bfbda3b8b05ce&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXbzlUXXGXB-wBba4UkGH96yPTDE12pxzvhnbuQ_9D2IfJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3keln4918ij46l
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	We’re looking to add a new member to our small but fast growing engineering team: an Integration Engineer who can draw on their passion for infrastructure-as-code along with their broad community knowledge and connections to craft all manner of integrations for our cutting edge DNS platform. This dynamic position will involve writing and maintaining code in various languages - much of it open source - centered around getting data into and out of our platform. You’ll work on in-house repos as well as contribute to various well known community infrastructure projects. You’ll also work in our REST API and other internal systems to create and maintain integrations with other SaaS platforms. No matter which language, you will be expected to write clean, maintainable, and fully tested code along with top notch documentation. You should have experience working on open source projects in a distributed environment (typically GitHub), including handling tasks like Pull Requests and Issues. Knowledge of various Continuous Integration systems such as Buildbot and TravisCI will be helpful. You should be familiar with the package distribution systems of various programming languages such as pip, gem, npm, etc and ideally have some experience contributing to them. You should have good general knowledge of the modern internet infrastructure landscape, especially well known and up-and-coming infrastructure-as-code projects and various IaaS and SaaS providers in the space. You’ll need to be able to quickly digest and understand diverse technical documentation and APIs of varying quality. Communication skills are equally important as you’ll be expected to maintain relationships with the project leaders, providers and services that you’ll be integrating with. You’ll take ownership of all the integrations and work autonomously towards aggressive development goals. Some stuff you’ll work on: REST API clients (to our service), in various languages (open source) Integrations with other SaaS platforms related to both ingesting data into our platform as well as pushing notifications externally. Examples include Pingdom, New Relic, Datadog, Catchpoint, Pagerduty Create and maintain NSONE DNS modules for various configuration management systems such as Ansible, Chef, Puppet Create and maintain NSONE DNS modules in infrastructure projects such as Terraform, libcloud, fog.io, Netflix denominator Maintain developer relationships with all of these providers and projects Working @ NSONE We’re a small, well funded startup with a casual work environment and strong work ethic. There’s a lot to do so we keep meetings and process to a minimum. We’re headquartered in NYC’s Financial District. We like to have fun, but skip most of the fancy startup gimmicks (fresh beer yes, gourmet chef and afternoon yoga no). We prefer candidates local to NYC or SFO, but will happily consider well qualified remote employees. We offer: competitive compensation (salary and stock options) medical, dental, and vision commuter benefits 401k flexible hours and time off NSONE is an equal opportunity employer.	Software Engineer: Integrations	NSONE	New York	NY	New York, NY	NSONE	Thu, 20 Aug 2015 17:29:38 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=95ca9e25035b763a&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXbzlUXXGXB-wBba4UkGH96yPTDE12pxzvhnbuQ_9D2IfJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3keln4918ij46l
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Are you a Senior Python Engineer or Senior Software Engineer interested in using Python and Django to build industry-leading SaaS solutions for a data-driven company funded by top VCs Are you a Senior Python Developer or a Senior Software Engineer eager to work on a cutting-edge tech stack that includes Python, Django, Flask, MySQL and MongoDB If so, please read on. Leveraging widely used social platforms, this company’s powerful, data-driven digital marketing SaaS solutions enable global brands to convert mobile and social consumers into loyal customers, and they are looking for a Senior Software Engineer to join the team. WHAT YOU WILL BE DOING: Creatingapps drivenby social analytics for Facebook, Twitter, Instagram,Pinterestand more Contributing toarchitecturedecisions, UI, server-side development, processes and tools Working on highly relevant projects, from apps to social analytics products Building a fantastic company at the cutting edge of digital properties, mobile devices and social networks Using a top notch tech stack that includes Python, Flask, Django, MySQL, MongoDB and ElasticSearch to solve hard problems efficiently WHAT YOU NEED: Proven experience as a strong software developer Experience leading teams and facilitating complex projects You are thrilled bychallenge! Strong programming skills in any language and interest in Python Python / Django / Flask experience is a plus Experience with MySQL and/or MongoDB SaaS experience is a plus WHAT YOU GET: Competitive salary and full benefits Stock Options 401K Fantastic and conveniently located Manhattan HQ Opportunity to tackle interesting challenges head on in a flat organization Have a huge impact within an organization set to massively scale Positive culture Social events and Friday celebrations So, if you are a Senior Python Developer or Senior Software Engineer with experience programming in any language interested in building products, services and applications for a data-drivecompany, apply today. Interviews for the Senior Software Engineer role are being scheduled immediately. Candidates must be authorized to work for any employer in the US and must currently live in the US, preferably in the Greater New York City area.	Senior Software Engineer – Python – Digital and Social Marketing SaaS	FILD	New York	NY	New York, NY	FILD	Wed, 14 Oct 2015 09:26:16 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=91ed456bed6e7e15&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXbzlUXXGXB-wBba4UkGH96yPTDE12pxzvhnbuQ_9D2IfJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3keln4918ij46l
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Advanced Systems Concepts, Inc. (ASCI) is a Systems Software Engineering company. We create software products of our own design and have done so for more than thirty years! As we continue to grow, ASCI is looking for individuals who enjoy the Software Engineering process. At ASCI we use our variation of the Agile/SCRUM methodology in which engineers are responsible for what they and the group achieve. In addition, we believe that while engineers may be drawn to a particular discipline everyone gets better by learning and not being pigeon holed to one particular set of technologies. As a result we use the latest software technologies and tools to advance our company and our engineers understanding of software systems. The key ingredients are the ability to learn and have a passion for Software Engineering. Responsibilities: You will be responsible for testing and implementation of System Software products on Microsoft Windows and UNIX platforms. You will be part of a team working on the latest software technologies that are used to build leading edge software products. Skills &amp; Requirements Relationship and Roles: Must be able to work independently as well as within a group. Attention to detail, positive attitude, the ability to learn and be challenged and pride in quality and timeliness are all attributes the successful candidate will have. Experience with Microsoft Visual Studio 201x (or equivalent version) and Team Foundation. Knowledgeable in Powershell and/or Shell scripting. Very knowledgeable in latest .Net Framework (or later version) and C#. Job Specifications: BS/MS in Computer Science or Computer Engineering (or equivalent work experience). Minimum requirements include 2 to 5 years engineering experience. Advanced Systems Concepts, Inc. is an EEO Employer No Visa sponsorships About Advanced Systems Concepts, Inc. ADVANCED SYSTEMS CONCEPTS, INC. (ASCI), headquartered in Morristown, NJ, was founded in 1981 as a software engineering and consulting company specializing in the development of Strategic System Software Management Solutions. ASCI’s flagship product, ActiveBatch ® , is an Enterprise Job Scheduling and Workload Automation Solution that simplifies the complexity of automating and integrating business and IT processes across diverse distributed computing environments in order to lower the total-cost-of ownership that organizations are looking for. Through ActiveBatch's sensitivity to business process computing, workloads can be balanced across a variety of platforms including Microsoft Windows, UNIX, Linux and OpenVMS to ensure on-time execution on a "24x7" basis. Today, ActiveBatch has a worldwide customer base, deployed in 46 countries, and continues to provide improved system efficiency and utilization for software developers and systems managers.	Software Release Engineer at Systems Software Engineering Company	Advanced Systems Concepts, Inc.	Morristown	NJ	Morristown, NJ	StackOverflow Jobs	Wed, 21 Oct 2015 02:20:12 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=d52af2bb2745073d&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXbzlUXXGXB-wBba4UkGH96yPTDE12pxzvhnbuQ_9D2IfJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3keln4918ij46l
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	About the Company: Imagine if you could go back in time and join the companies of legend that defined what it meant to have a smartphone, computer, or search the internet. This is it for the IoT and vehicles, the next humanity changing technological event! Our venture is leading that major industry disruptive effort and this is the rare opportunity to join at the ground-level. Because we are a part of the Continental family, we are already deeply rooted in the vehicle and IoT ecosystems. Overview: While others are focusing on second generation products to incrementally improve, Conti ITS is focusing on creating exciting NEW products for our users in the IoT space. You will work with an experienced team coming from MIT, Stanford, Wellesley, Wharton, Google (self-driving car project), Microsoft, and Intel, to build the world-changing next-generation automotive cloud service. We are passionate about our projects and are driven to create the technology that everyone knows should already be here. Responsibilities Work directly with executive teams of leading companies, getting rock star visibility. Participate in product ideation and definition. Work with other engineers to build the product through the architecture, design, and delivery phases. End to end feature ownership for cloud scale, high traffic, mobile applications. Write bulletproof code with emphasis on high-quality. Required Qualifications Bachelors Degree and/or Masters Degree Computer Science or related subject area. 4+ years of experience as Software Development Engineer for Android applications in Java using Android SDK. Proficiency in at least TWO of the following languages, with at least 3 years experience each: Java, C/C++/Objective-C, Swift, Go, Python, Javascript. Keen interest in learning new technologies and ability to quickly ramp-up and be productive in a short time, especially on new languages like Go, Swift, etc. Experience building Android apps with web services using JSON, REST, RPC, etc. Knowledge of UI/UX best practices &amp; design standards for Android. Strong understating and experience in object-oriented design principles, modular design patterns, data structures, algorithm design, problem solving, and software complexity analysis. Strong team player, independent, organized and able to work in a fast-paced dynamic environment. Good written and oral communication skills. Qualified applicant needs to show past portfolio which demonstrate major contribution to Android mobile app design and implementation. Preferred Qualifications: Basic understanding of automotive technologies. Experience building apps for multiple Android devices: phone, tablet, etc. Experience with cloud services such as AWS, Microsoft Azure, Google App Engine, or OpenStack. Experience and/or knowledge in Swift, jQuery mobile, HTML5, CSS3, AJAX, JSON, Java and JSP. Knowledge and experience in database programming using MySQL, Postgres, etc. Solid understanding of the software development process, including release management, git, etc. Bachelors Degree and/or Masters Degree Computer Science or related subject area. 4+ years of experience as Software Development Engineer for Android applications in Java using Android SDK. Proficiency in at least TWO of the following languages, with at least 3 years experience each: Java, C/C++/Objective-C, Swift, Go, Python, Javascript	Senior Software Engineer - Android	Continental AG	New York	NY	New York, NY	CareerBuilder	Fri, 23 Oct 2015 22:16:29 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=39320685883c4e2a&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXbzlUXXGXB-wBba4UkGH96yPTDE12pxzvhnbuQ_9D2IfJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3keln4918ij46l
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	LGS Innovations, a leader in government telecommunications and network integration, is seeking an Associate Engineer, Software-Network Assurance for our Florham Park, NJ location. Be a part of our team! LGS Innovations delivers next generation solutions that solve the most complex networking and communications challenges facing the U.S, Federal Government, state and local governments, foreign governments, and commercial enterprises. We provide our employees with competitive compensation packages and a full range of benefits, including vacation, medical, dental, life insurance, a 401(k) plan, tuition assistance, and an Employee Assistance Program (EAP). Primary Purpose: Under direct supervision, perform research, design and software development in various aspects of general IP network security for classified programs. Roles and Responsibilities: Research solutions to cyber security and computer networking problems Design, implement and unit test embedded software solutions Identify and evaluate security strengths and weaknesses of Service Provider and Enterprise network components and solutions Identify, create and propose new research projects Understand and adhere to all LGS Ethical and Compliance policies Proactively ensure a safe work environment and adhere to LGS EH&amp;S policies and procedures Perform other duties as required Qualifications Basic Qualifications: To be considered for this position, you must minimally meet the knowledge, skills, and abilities listed below: Must be able to obtain and maintain a Security Clearance (US citizenship is a prerequisite) Basic computer science and/or networking skills which may include knowledge in IP networking, cyber security and software development Software development skills in current languages such as JAVA, C++, Python, Ruby, PHP, Javascript, etc. Willingness and ability to quickly learn new technologies Knowledge of Microsoft software applications and other software applications as required Minimum Education and Experience: Bachelor’s in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or Electrical Engineering and 0-2 years of related experience or an equivalent combination of education, skills, and experience. Other Desired Skills: Understanding of network hardware, systems and software applications Experience managing, designing/upgrading and administering a network in a lab environment preferred Knowledge of Internet routing techniques protocols and tools Understanding of network security Working Conditions: Work is typically performed in an office environment which requires proper safety precautions. Work may require some physical effort in the handling of light materials, boxes, or equipment. The above job description is not intended to be, nor should it be construed as, exhaustive of all responsibilities, skills, efforts, or working conditions associated with the job. Requests for reasonable accommodations will be considered to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions of this position.	Associate Engineer, Software-Network Assurance	LGS Innovations	Florham Park	NJ	Florham Park, NJ	LGS Innovations	Tue, 15 Sep 2015 21:14:05 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=b6f106933af1577c&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXbzlUXXGXB-wBba4UkGH96yPTDE12pxzvhnbuQ_9D2IfJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3keln4918ij46l
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Etsy is seeking a Software Engineer to join our Product Branding team. The Product Branding team empowers a wide range of internal partners — including our design studio, PR team, and offices around the world — to build compelling sites for their communities. The ideal candidate is an excellent communicator that can manage projects with a wide range of stakeholders and requirements. Successful candidates will also have a keen eye for beautiful websites and love to develop fun, responsive, and pixel perfect sites of their own. About the Team The technical staff at Etsy believes that code is craft, good software and systems designs are works of art, and that the work we do is part of larger creative culture represented by the hundreds of thousands of inspired artists and designers who make Etsy such a wondrous marketplace. We believe that small, empowered, self-motivated teams can do big things. We believe in measuring everything, taking advantage of our amazing continuous deployment system to ship code early and often, and a blameless culture based on trust of our engineers. Check out our Engineering blog for more about the team: http://codeascraft.etsy.com/ About the Job You'll be helping us build beautiful and engaging experiences for a variety of audiences on Etsy. While this position leans toward the front-end, with a focus on HTML, CSS (SCSS), and JS, there will be a healthy dose of back-end work with PHP to enable your teammates to create compelling and dynamic content. You’ll work most closely with our designers and other software engineers, while also meeting an array of other partners of all different backgrounds. You’ll use your knowledge of the latest front-end techniques (including data visualization, responsive design, and CSS animations) to further their ideas and take projects to the next level. Because we're making user-facing features, we believe strongly in collecting and analyzing numerical data to help guide our decisions. To that end, you'll be able to use our in-house analytics tools to gather information and gain insights. You'll also be able to use Etsy's Continuous Deployment architecture to push code to production whenever you please (and you'll probably push on your first day here). About You You’re an engineer who can turn ideas into extremely fast and reliable code that other people – or you, six months into the future – will find easy to comprehend and modify. You believe in the connective power of Etsy’s peer-to-peer marketplace, and know how to create the code that will make it stronger. You will be successful in this role if you: Sweat the details in everything you do Appreciate beautiful design and the latest front-end patterns and techniques Love to meet new people and collaborate to drive projects to their full potential Have excellent written and verbal communication skills Can be autonomous and self-driven Care deeply about usability on a variety of devices Love to experiment and use data to drive decision making What's Next If you're interested in joining the team, please send us your resume. You won’t be surprised to hear, though, that we won’t consider it without a cover letter. Let us know how you fit the bill for each of our requirements above. Etsy is a place that values individuality and variety, so use your judgment and write to us in your own voice. If you have a presence on the web that we can easily access (Twitter, Facebook, rap sheet), contribute to an open source project, write a blog, or practice another craft besides designing beautiful, functional websites, that means something to us, we’d love to hear about it.	Software Engineer, Product Branding	Etsy	Brooklyn	NY	Brooklyn, NY	Etsy	Fri, 28 Aug 2015 17:45:48 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=c4ba9704a5156ed9&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXbzlUXXGXB-wBba4UkGH96yPTDE12pxzvhnbuQ_9D2IfJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3keln4918ij46l
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Software Engineer U nique opportunity for a full-time C/C++ Developer to join a team responsible for systems development in a high throughput, low latency trading environment . The Developer will have experience in all phases of software development life-cycle, from requirements gathering, to design, coding, unit testing, debugging and supporting in production. This position requires technical proficiency/problem solving as well as an eager attitude, professionalism and solid communication skills. Qualifications 5+ years’ work experience in a development role Minimum 2-3 years’ hands on experience in C/C++ programming language on Linux Experience with C++ unit testing frameworks like googletest and continuous integration (CI) tools Experience with code analysis and coverage tools like Coverity, Valgrind/Helgrind, gcov/lcov Minimum 2-3 years’ hands on experience on Scripting (Shell, Perl, Python). Strong in one of the scripting language is acceptable Strong understanding of TCP/IP and Multicast network protocols Strong multithreading and performance-oriented programming skills Strong analytical and problem solving skills Strong verbal and written communication skills Ability to work in a highly demanding, fast paced environment and multitask Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or Engineering Desired Experience in an exchange, trading facility or financial services Experience working with production support Experience working in Databases/SQL Experience with agile development processes like Scrum or Kanban Experience with JIRA or similar issues/project tracking tools. Experience with version control system like Perforce, Git, gitflow ===================================================================================== If you’re interested send your resume immediately to jc.brillant@fahrenheitit.com . Also, please provide a paragraph description of your years of experience, technical skills, and a couple of highlights / accomplishments about yourself in 3 rd person. This will help me get to know you a little better and represent you in the best possible fashion. Please see the example below: “Mary has 3 and a half years of relevant technical experience; she spent the majority of this time as a Workstations Technical Analyst where she provided services such as end-user support, ticket documentation, imaging, Active Directory support, PC coordination and set-up, and Blackberry support. She holds a Bachelors degree in Management Information Systems. In her last position, Mary was promoted during the course of her employment to a Data Center Migration Project Coordinator because of her exemplary performance. On more than one occasion Mary was recognized by her previous employer for outstanding customer service and problem solving skills.” Send this back to me ASAP, along with an updated copy of your resume in MS WORD Format and I will follow up with you ASAP!!! Id: 3040825	Software Engineer - C++	Fahrenheit IT Staffing & Consulting	New York	NY	New York, NY	Fahrenheit IT Staffing & Consulting	Tue, 20 Oct 2015 13:56:50 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=5995803a6f3098c6&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXbzlUXXGXB-wBba4UkGH96yPTDE12pxzvhnbuQ_9D2IfJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3keln4918ij46l
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	My client who is a leader in their field is looking for 2 full time Software Engineers to join their expanding Development team during a very exciting phase within the business. They are working on a number of industry leading products which will expose you to some of the latest technology on the market. This is not only a good time to start working with this company because of the tech stack but also because of the current progression opportunities. One of the positions is for a Software Engineer who has a detailed knowledge of web services and API construction who can focus on building consistent APIs and have an appreciation how they integrate the front end. The other is more ‘Full Stack’ where you will need Angular.JS experience as well as strong MVC and Database experience. Their current tech stack is below but it varies depending on your experience and which role you’re interested in. Location Midtown Manhattan (Some remote work available) Start November Salary 90-125k +benefits Required Skills Heavy experience with modern web stack technologies (particularly JavaScript MVC frameworks) Expert-level programming skills and object oriented design experience, including strong knowledge of core libraries and common design patterns Knowledge of relational databases, specifically SQL Server 2008+ Experience with .NET, C, ASP.NET MVC, HTML, CSS, and JavaScript Working knowledge of various JavaScript libraries and frameworks. Dedicated to the practice of unit testing (MSTest, NUnit, Jasmine, etc), IoC, and mocking Knowledge of NoSQL and caching technologies, such as MongoDB, Redis, CouchDB, or Membase Experience with large-scale production systems (i.e. scalability, high-availability), with the ability to optimize architecture and implementation across all layers of architecture. Experience with light-weight andor Agile, test-driven development methodologies Experience with the entire software lifecycle - requirements capture, analysis, design, implementation, quality assurance, deployment, and maintenance Key Experience Design and build websites, web services, and mobile applications. Interest in working on fast-paced, agile technology teams Organized, goal-oriented, excellent ability to multi-task, motivated self-starter who can work well in a team environment. A team player and strong problem-solver to work with a team of other software developers, project managers, business analysts and QA analysts. Possess excellent communications skills, with the ability to work with business users as well as other members of the technical staff. Deploy defect fixes and new features and perform Unit testing. Conduct regular system deployments to QA and Production. Improve documentation of processes and systems. To apply please send an updated resume to thomas.lovell-buttgcsltd.com mailtothomas.lovell-buttgcsltd.com and I will call you to discuss further. If you know anyone else who is looking for a new role, I offer 500 referral fees for successful candidates. C#, ASP.Net, SQL, JavaScript, MVC	.Net Software Engineers Required (C#, MVC5, Angular.JS)	GCS	New York	NY	New York, NY	Dice	Thu, 15 Oct 2015 23:39:36 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=212691402befe85c&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXbzlUXXGXB-wBba4UkGH96yPTDE12pxzvhnbuQ_9D2IfJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3keln4918ij46l
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Qualifications • Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, IS Engineering or related discipline • 2+ years of test experience in web, internet or mobile technologies, with a thorough understanding of Agile principles and QA methodologies • Demonstrated experience creating automation frameworks with open source technologies • Solid coding skills in C, C++, Java, Scala, Ruby and/or Python Job Description • Design and implement development and test infrastructure • Create an automation framework utilizing Selenium, Appium, and/or open source testing technologies • Assume responsibility for testing efforts, including end to end and user acceptance testing phases • Troubleshoot hardware and software configuration issues	Software Engineer in Test	Green Key Resources	New York	NY	New York, NY	Green Key Resources	Fri, 02 Oct 2015 12:29:48 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=816b813bc605b973&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXbzlUXXGXB-wBba4UkGH96yPTDE12pxzvhnbuQ_9D2IfJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3keln4918ij46l
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	• Involved in the entire software life cycle, including software coding, integration, debugging, and full documentation. • Provides engineering and engineering support services to a variety of technical problems of moderate scope and complexity. Utilizes basic technical standards, principles, theories and concepts to specific job assignments. May be assigned the engineering responsibility for a project or part of a project depending upon size, scope and complexity. • Works under general direction; follows established procedures. • Design, develop, test and verify complex engineering tasks in software, systems, and/or hardware components. Encompass a wide range of sophisticated (cross-discipline) engineering problem resolutions. Involve in design and development engineering assignments related to products and systems including the engineering of new products or updates to existing products. • Bachelors Degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Software Engineering or a related technical discipline with 0-4 years of related experience (or Bachelors degree anticipated in Spring of 2016) • GPA must be 3.0 or higher • Experience in software development using object oriented C++ and/or Java • Must be able to demonstrate ability to work well with team members from different disciplines • Able to obtain a security clearance	Jr. Embedded Software Engineer	Exelis	Clifton	NJ	Clifton, NJ	Exelis	Tue, 08 Sep 2015 14:17:28 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=f801905c982d0b61&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXbzlUXXGXB-wBba4UkGH96yPTDE12pxzvhnbuQ_9D2IfJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3keln4918ij46l
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Immediate need for a talented C++ Developer that brings experience in the Financial Services Industry. This is a 6+ contract to hire opportunity with long-term potential and is located in Jersey City, NJ . Please review the below job description and contact me ASAP. Key Responsibilities: Immediate need for a talented C++ Developer that brings experience in the Brokerage Industry. This is a 6+ month contract to-hire opportunity with long-term potential and is located in New York, NY. Please review the below job description and contact me ASAP. Key Responsibilities: Major Responsibilities: Expert in applications design, development, implementation, and debugging. Undertakes complex projects requiring specialized technical knowledge. Makes well-thought-out decisions on complex application development issues. Ensures that system improvements are successfully implemented and increase efficiency. Communicates instructions and raises issues clearly and in a timely manner. Can work independently to achieve goals. Adheres to project schedules and is mindful of costs. Should be able to run medium sized efforts from inception to completion. • Design and develop market data applications. • Provide production support for market data platform. • Maintain and enhance existing market data application for various market data feed. • Support market data applications in implementing new vendor feeds. • Interface with product team and users to gather requirements. Minimum Professional and Technical Skills: Must have at least 5 years doing market data development at the plant and feed handler level • Strong technical and business communication skills • C++ (80-90%), Java (10-20%), GDB, OOD • Sockets and Multithreaded Design • Strong Linux/UNIX background • Strong Shell and Perl scripting • ESQL/DB (Sybase, Oracle) skills • Service Oriented Architecture • Real-time market data experience preferred • Experience in using tools such as SVN • Experience with charting and core Java application is preferred • Experience in NYSE Wombat MAMA API's and Reuters UPA or RFA API is preferred • Experience in BEA Tuxedo is preferred Minimum Education, Certification, Training: • Bachelor's degree in Computer Science/Computer Engineering/Computer Information Systems is required. • A Master's degree is preferred. Key Requirements and Technology Experience: Our client is a leading institution and we are currently interviewing to fill this and other similar contract positions. Qualified candidates should apply NOW for immediate consideration. Please email me the most current MS Word version of your resume and refer to 15-03697 in the subject line. Regards, Casey Jordan Recriter 61 Broadway, Suite #1702 646.770.8588 cjordan@diversant.com www.diversant.com http://www.linkedin.com/pub/casey-jordan/85/42a/76/ **DIVERSANT LLC Referral Policy: We will pay $10/day up to $2000 for candidate referrals that are deployed successfully on an engagement with one of our clients. Due to the nature of the position, Diversant can only consider direct applicants. Third party resumes will not be considered. Diversant is one of the largest African-American owned IT staffing and solutions firms in the U.S. We are a fully-certified Minority Business Enterprise (MBE) provider, dedicated to the promotion of diversity in the supply chain and throughout the workplace. Equally important to us is our commitment to providing the highest level of service to all our clients, consultants, and partners. We believe that diversity in all its forms leads to greater opportunities for consultants and partners, and to more innovative solutions for clients.	Principal Software Engineer	DIVERSANT LLC	New York	NY	New York, NY	DIVERSANT LLC	Tue, 29 Sep 2015 03:43:29 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=c1f0b3bb9eed7c09&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXbzlUXXGXB-wBba4UkGH96yPTDE12pxzvhnbuQ_9D2IfJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3keln4918ij46l
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Hatstand, a global financial technology consultancy, is seeking a Java developer. This vacancy is part of the Hatstand Green Beret Programme, our unique talent development programme which arms talented graduates with the skills and experience necessary to craft a career in the competitive Fintech industry. This role is a gateway opportunity for a an Associate level Java developer to work within Cash Equities Technologies as part of an existing team. The developer will be responsible for the development and maintenance of Front or Middle office technology solutions for a proprietary trading system. The successful candidate will be a ‘hands on’ developer working within a small focused team with exposure to Equity personnel. The Cash Equities technology teams build software components for Front and middle-office applications in Java, C++ and C# on Linux and Windows platforms. As a result, the candidate will need to be highly committed, and be able to build very close working relationships with both the business and support teams. The teams are seeking to complement existing Senior Engineers in a peer programing approach, with emerging Java developers who have 2-4 years of experience developing systems and applications within financial services. An Ideal candidate profile includes: A keen interest in investment banking and securities including Equities and or direct Equities exposure as a developer Minimum of 1-2 years practical experience in developing Banking/Financial Services systems and applications that feature and support high volume transactions. This is an excellent opportunity to leverage your knowledge and experience towards advancing and developing your career trajectory within Investment Banking technologies. Responsibilities: Develop complex enterprise software components in Java consistently following coding standards and in accordance with applicable software development methodology and release processes. Apply sense of urgency, commitment, and focus on the right priorities in developing solutions in a timely fashion. Provides reliable solutions to a variety of problems using sound problem solving techniques Perform other duties such as Level 3 support. Essential Requirements Strong academic background and project experience 2-4 years practical work experience in financial services supporting and developing comparable systems and applications Intellectually curious with a visceral enthusiasm for software development Consummate team player with strong communication and interpersonal skills; Self-motivated and enjoys working in a team and across various teams Preferred or Pluses Knowledge of or direct experience with the project life-cycle, including capturing requirements, code-reviewing and unit testing. A Java SE Programmer Certification Experience in agile development practices Experience with application design tools/frameworks. E.g. Eclipse, Ant, etc. is a plus Experience with multithreaded and network programming a plus Strong understanding of Design Patterns. Proficient in development on Linux platform. Education Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Mathematics, Physics or related technical fields. Hatstand is a global financial technology consultancy. We specialise in three key components of financial markets: Trading Systems and Connectivity, Data Management and Risk, Compliance and Regulation. We work closely with our clients to deliver flexible, bespoke solutions that address the diverse challenges of the financial technology environment. Our international reach allows us to successfully execute projects and managed services across the globe, with offices in London, Geneva, Dubai, New York, Hong Kong, Singapore and Sydney.	Associate Software Engineer - Java - Financial Apps	Hatstand Ltd	Weehawken	NJ	Weehawken, NJ	Hatstand Ltd	Mon, 21 Sep 2015 14:04:24 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=57ab23054af878a7&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXbzlUXXGXB-wBba4UkGH96yPTDE12pxzvhnbuQ_9D2IfJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3keln4918ij46l
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	The Role: You will be working with a team of other backend engineers to build the backend infrastructure that drives the Peloton platform. We’re looking for someone passionate about data and performance. You’ll be working on a fast moving team that’s rapidly changing the face of fitness industry. On a typical day, you will: Help lead backend development and engineering Design and architect features from the ground up for a rapidly growing business Improve and contribute to current development and engineering practices Candidate Qualifications: Worked as one of the engineers on large scale internet applications who have played an instrumental role in its development and design Experienced Python developer Having a diverse knowledge of other programming languages is a plus Solid understanding of software design principles Experience with at least one database engine (MySQL, PostgreSQL, MongoDB, Cassandra, etc.) About Peloton: Founded in 2012, Peloton has transformed the at-home fitness experience by creating a bike that merges high-design with modern technology to provide access to live streaming and on demand indoor cycling classes led by elite instructors. With a state of the art studio, the best instructors and content distribution, Peloton delivers an intense high-energy workout that motivates, while positively changing the mind and body.	Backend Software Engineer	Peloton Interactive, Inc.	New York	NY	New York, NY	Peloton Interactive, Inc.	Tue, 01 Sep 2015 06:21:33 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=5335557f50afa1a6&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXbzlUXXGXB-wBba4UkGH96yPTDE12pxzvhnbuQ_9D2IfJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3keln4918ij46l
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Our strategy development team is a highly focused group of extremely talented engineers. Their primary responsibility is to code innovative trading technology by developing and perfecting proprietary trading algorithms running on our high-performance, electronic trading platform. Responsibilities include improving the scalability, performance and efficiency of existing strategies, as well as collaborating with Trading Analysts code new strategies. Job Qualifications Strength in core JAVA programming: 3+ years of experience. Strong mathematical aptitude; background in math, physics, or statistics is a plus. Experience in distributed and/or highly concurrent systems is a plus. Experience in low-latency systems and/or high transaction environments is a plus. Interest in trading and financial markets. Enjoy working in a fast-paced, dynamic environment. Excellent communication skills are required. 	Software Engineer - Strategy	Virtu Financial	New York	NY	New York, NY	Virtu Financial	Fri, 21 Aug 2015 09:07:01 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=bf1dd43c21cb2ffa&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXbzlUXXGXB-wBba4UkGH96yHd9Sto8yFyDrjD5nlsKvhJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kelsi118ij0te
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Are you a Full Stack Software Engineer with expertise in Python on the back-end and AngularJS on the front-end Are you a Python Software Engineer with experience working across the full stack If you are a junior to mid-level Full Stack Software Engineer, this Python role may be a great fit. This company is a leader in the video software industry, deploying on over 2M websites, streaming billions of videos a month. This VC funded video software company’s main product is used by everyone from small time bloggers to big time Fortune 500 companies. They are looking for a junior to mid-level Full Stack Software Engineer with experience in both Python (or Ruby) and AngularJS to help improve their main product platform. You Will: Work as part of a scrum team in an agile environment Build and maintain the platform architecture, from the static front-end in Angular through the RESTful Python API Develop new commercial features from the Product Backlog Prototype new ideas and explore new solutions You'll Need: Strong experience across the full stack – Python or Ruby back-end, Javascript &amp; Angular front-end Strong RDBMS experience (MySQL is a plus!) Track record of success building stable and maintainable software Experience in (or strong desire) leading a team in a fast-paced environment BS in Computer Science (preferred) Plus Skills: Experience with data-binding JS frameworks (like AngularJS) Familiarity or experience with e-commerce platforms Experience in an agile environment Continuous delivery, automated testing You'll get: Competitive compensation + equity Genuine team and a fun work environment Opportunity to join a growing product team with excellent opportunity for growth Work for a leader in the video space Strong health benefits &amp; perks If you're an exceptional Full Stack or Python Software Engineer, please apply today!	Full Stack Software Engineer – Python Back-end / Angular Front-end	FILD	New York	NY	New York, NY	FILD	Wed, 07 Oct 2015 09:04:01 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=832937059a6fda0e&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXbzlUXXGXB-wBba4UkGH96yHd9Sto8yFyDrjD5nlsKvhJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kelsi118ij0te
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	We are a stealth-mode startup with powerful ideas, patents and a strong execution team. We are looking for versatile software engineers to join our team and hit the ground running in continuing to evolve our exciting product beta. Like everyone in our organization, you will be empowered to innovate, design and deliver key features of our flagship application. On the technical side, this is an opportunity to build a world-class, high-throughput SPA application supported by an elastic cloud platform that will have real-world impact. We will be leaders in establishing an OSS-based NodeJS ecosystem for enterprise development and we intend to make meaningful contributions to the open source community. What You Can Expect From Us A friendly and encouraging work environment with a minimum of politics Clear goals and expectations with an easy-to-understand reward framework Exposure to an exciting problem domain Mentorship from founders that are deeply experienced with technology platforms Excellent equipment (we typically provide new Macbook Airs &amp; large external displays to all hires) Skills &amp; Requirements We are focused on finding smart, hard-working, problem solvers. Work experience is always a plus, but the ability to demonstrate critical thinking and a personal record of learning and working on different technologies is much more valuable. We presently utilize the MEAN (AngularJS, jQuery, Node.js, Redis and MongoDB) stack and are looking to build powerful extensions to the back-end environment using C++. Our Ideal Candidate Has: A CS degree or an equivalent background in software engineering. At least one year of NodeJS development experience – personal or commercial. If personal, you must have some useful contribution to OSS on GitHub. If you have more experience, we will compensate accordingly. Design and architecture skills in back-end services based on NodeJS (e.g. REST APIs) A good understanding of C++ frameworks and development (C++’14 knowledge a big plus). Reasonable documentation skills and the ability to write tests for code. Plus points for: An impressive C++ project – in work experience, open source, or anything you can demonstrate in detail. Experience using messaging services like RabbitMQ to support back-end processing patterns. Experience with NoSQL databases like MongoDB or CouchDb. Experience with AngularJS (especially writing services to integrate with back-end APIs). 	Software Engineer – MEAN Stack	Smith & Keller	New York	NY	New York, NY	Smith & Keller	Sat, 03 Oct 2015 05:08:08 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=a0c6e4d8e78b9625&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXbzlUXXGXB-wBba4UkGH96yHd9Sto8yFyDrjD5nlsKvhJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kelsi118ij0te
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Google's software engineers develop the next-generation technologies that change how millions of users connect, explore, and interact with information and one another. Our ambitions reach far beyond just Search. Our products need to handle information at the the scale of the web. We're looking for ideas from every area of computer science, including information retrieval, artificial intelligence, natural language processing, distributed computing, large-scale system design, networking, security, data compression, and user interface design; the list goes on and is growing every day. As a software engineer, you work on a small team and can switch teams and projects as our fast-paced business grows and evolves. We need our engineers to be versatile and passionate to tackle new problems as we continue to push technology forward. With your technical expertise you manage individual projects priorities, deadlines and deliverables. You design, develop, test, deploy, maintain, and enhance software solutions. Software Engineers have a penchant for solving complex and interesting problems. Pushing the boundaries of current mobile platforms, you will perform technological feats under constrained environments and will be presented with exciting challenges in native or mobile application development. Our Software Engineers in Mobile Applications work on many projects that carry varying responsibilities. You will build Google products (Advertising, Android, Docs, Drive, Wallet or other exciting projects) for either Android or iOS. If you are an Android Developer, you will develop applications primarily in Java and using the Android SDK. You might design and develop open-source Android applications that are part of the Android Open Source Project or closed-source Google applications that are the interface to Google services on Android. If you are an iOS Developer, you will develop applications and SDKs primarily in Objective-C and using the iOS SDK. Responsibilities Manage individual projects priorities, deadlines and deliverables. Design, develop, test, deploy, maintain, and enhance software solutions Minimum Qualifications BA/BS in Computer Science or related technical field or equivalent practical experience. 1 year relevant work experience. Programming experience in Java, Objective-C, or C++. Experience in mobile application development. Preferred Qualifications Programming experience in either Java, Objective-C or C++. Deep technical knowledge of mobile application development (either Android or iOS). Knowledge of UI frameworks (either Android, iOS, XML), MVP application design and complex, reactive touch based UI. Solid foundation in computer science, with strong competencies in data structures, algorithms and software design optimized for embedded systems. Specialist domains: Embedded/device systems, mobile optimized websites, mobile web browsers, client application development for Windows/Mac (Chrome, WebKit, etc.), third party libraries for either Android or iOS. Area Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to tackle some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From AdWords to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another.	Software Engineer, Mobile Applications (Android / iOS)	Google	New York	NY	New York, NY	Google	Sun, 06 Sep 2015 09:41:22 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=6327fe50ec290968&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXbzlUXXGXB-wBba4UkGH96yHd9Sto8yFyDrjD5nlsKvhJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kelsi118ij0te
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Google's software engineers develop the next-generation technologies that change how millions of users connect, explore, and interact with information and one another. Our ambitions reach far beyond just Search. Our products need to handle information at the the scale of the web. We're looking for ideas from every area of computer science, including information retrieval, artificial intelligence, natural language processing, distributed computing, large-scale system design, networking, security, data compression, and user interface design; the list goes on and is growing every day. As a software engineer, you work on a small team and can switch teams and projects as our fast-paced business grows and evolves. We need our engineers to be versatile and passionate to tackle new problems as we continue to push technology forward. The Crisis Response team works to help users affected by disasters get the information they need, before, during, and after crisis events. Some areas the team is already working on and experimenting with include: Crowdsourcing: When a disaster happens, how can we enable connected users to contribute meaningful information that can help other users, first responders, and aid agencies alike? Public alerting: What information do end users need to take action and keep themselves and their loved ones safe? How can we collect, verify and disseminate that information globally in a scalable way? Mobile application development: How can we utilize the features of mobile-connected devices to keep users safer and better informed at scale? Responsibilities Write server-side code for web-based applications and APIs. Create robust high-volume production applications and develop prototypes quickly. Minimum Qualifications BA/BS degree in Computer Science or equivalent practical experience. 2 years of relevant work experience in software development. Preferred Qualifications MA/MS degree in Computer Science or related field. 4 years of experience in politics, machine learning, user-generated content, data mining, hadoop, analytics, and geographic information systems. Understanding of, and practical experience with, Java application development. Strong analytical and coding skills. Excellent communication skills. Area Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to tackle some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From AdWords to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another.	Software Engineer, Crisis Response	Google	New York	NY	New York, NY	Google	Sat, 01 Aug 2015 09:01:12 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=0e40734b6b402837&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXbzlUXXGXB-wBba4UkGH96yHd9Sto8yFyDrjD5nlsKvhJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kelsi118ij0te
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	FactSet is looking for a talented engineer to join the New York based Sell Side Content Engineering team. The Sell Side Content team is responsible for developing and deploying key features of FactSet’s Investment Banking databases and product offerings. Many of the group’s projects involve data modeling and database creation based on specific business requirements, enhancing and integrating proprietary and third party database technologies, and providing highly available and efficient data APIs and data access layers to both clients and applications. You will join a global team of engineers and product managers, who are committed towards improving FactSet’s Investment Banking platform and product offering through a creative, team based collaborative environment. You will work with a number of programming languages, database technologies, data formats, and FactSet’s production systems in order to help achieve both product and technical goals. An ideal candidate for this position should be able to demonstrate experience with programming languages, database technologies, and application development. Responsibilities: Create relational database infrastructure to support integration of proprietary and third part data Develop tools to standardize ETL environments and frameworks Work on infrastructural projects to assess and improve system performance and stability Assist in maintaining relational database environments and responding to production issues Develop and maintain applications and workflows for the Investment Banking product offering Job Requirements : BS/MS in Computer Science or equivalent Working knowledge of at least one object oriented language (C#, Java, etc) Experience working with relational databases (MySQL, SQL Server, etc) Experience with relational database design and development preferred Comfortable working in a Windows or Linux environment Comfortable being a member of a rotational on-call team (24/7 support) Strong communication skills Strong problem-solving and analytical skills FactSet Research Systems is a major supplier of online integrated financial and economic information for analysts, portfolio managers, investment bankers and other financial professionals. FactSet combines more than 200 databases into a single online information system that is a comprehensive, one-stop source of financial information and analytics. FactSet, a leading provider of financial information and analytics, helps the world’s best investment professionals outperform. FactSet is a financial data and software company headquartered in Norwalk, Connecticut with offices in 35 locations worldwide. On May 31, 2014, annual revenues totaled $932 million and employee headcount passed 6,300. FactSet has been publicly traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol FDS since 1996 and on NASDAQ under the same symbol since 2009. Once again this year, FactSet is listed as one of FORTUNE’s “100 Best Places to Work” and one of Forbes’ “200 Best Small Companies. FactSet Research Systems Inc. is an E-Verify participant and EOE/M/F/D/V Employer which strongly supports diversity in the workforce. Equal Opportunity Employment Policy It is the policy of FactSet Research Systems Inc. ("FactSet") to provide equal employment and advancement opportunities to all qualified employees and applicants for employment regardless of their race, color, religion, sex, age, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, physical or mental disability, genetic information, protected veteran status, pregnancy, military or military reserve obligations, or any other class or status protected by law. This policy applies to all policies and procedures related to recruitment, hiring, training, promotion, compensation, benefits, transfer, discharge, and other terms and conditions of employment. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability or protected veteran status. If you have questions concerning this policy, please contact the Human Resources department at +1 (203) 810-1000. 	Software Engineer - Database	FactSet Research Systems	New York	NY	New York, NY	FactSet Research Systems	Tue, 01 Sep 2015 23:07:11 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=21a464c43ef3e955&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXbzlUXXGXB-wBba4UkGH96yHd9Sto8yFyDrjD5nlsKvhJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kelsi118ij0te
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Contactbillcaseinteractive.org 732-256-4407 The Web services application group is seeking a Software Engineer to develop next generation of web based applications and web services that will control communications in financial services. Essential Duties Responsibilities · Design and implement efficient software components, APIs and protocols. · Develop, execute and evaluate performance and load tests. · Deliver complete, thorough, and robust solutions and proactively suggest improvements to process, design, and functionality. Perform design and code reviews, providing constructive input and suggestions. · Deliver unit test case harnesses in addition to working code as part of an agile sprint team · Develop both API’s and · Be a team player and leader by helping others to achieve team and company goals. Required Skills · Experience in development of web services, HTML5 web pages, Javascript, Angular.JS, JQuery, and Bootstrap. · Experience with MVC patterns · Java or other object-oriented programming language required. Core JavaJEE experience a plus. · Demonstrated practical application and object-oriented modeling. Design and development. · Experience with Finite State Machine design and development. Knowledgeable about all stages of the software development process. · Exceptional written and verbal skills. · Excellent team player with a consistently positive attitude and collaborative approach to problem solving. · Excellent technical leadership with the ability to take on challenging technical problems, drive towards a solution and communicate status to upper management. Job Requirements Required Experience o BSEEBSCS o 7+ years’ experience developing software. o Experience in rules engine development including Drools , and webRTC a plus o Developing front ends and web applications for different types of client devices a plus o Experience in developing high volume, high reliability communication systems geared towards the Financial Industry. o Ability to lead small scale projects and report status to the leadership team and multitask. o Proactive, driven to excel and committed to product excellence and quality. Web Services, API, RTC, drools, API, protocols, MVC, Javascript, Angular, Bootstrap, HTML5, Core Java/JEE, BSEE, high volume, reliability	Web RTC Javascript/Java Software Engineers	Case Interactive	Union	NJ	Union, NJ	Dice	Wed, 28 Oct 2015 01:56:06 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=ff0040a2fdc878f9&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXbzlUXXGXB-wBba4UkGH96yHd9Sto8yFyDrjD5nlsKvhJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kelsi118ij0te
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	RESPONSIBILITIES: Kforce has a client that has an opening in New York City, New York (NY) for a Senior Software Engineer for the Data Analytics Platform (DAP) Team to develop, maintain, enhance, and support the client's Data Feed Platform. The DAP Team provides data and analytics products to support media agencies across the globe. This firm is paying a competitive package along with excellent benefits, and a lot of time off. The client is offering a great work/life balance as well. Overview: The data and analytics organization in this company is responsible for managing and analyzing massive amounts of data as well as supporting the whole organization in delivering value from data. The client focuses on designing, developing and operating their global technology stack with four key layers of Data Marketplace, Data Management, Analytics Workbench and Application Marketplace. These products are hosted on a variety of infrastructure options including but not limited to local servers, public and private clouds and enable a suite of advanced analytics-based products, specific Data collection modules and customized Data transformation packages. Responsibilities: Work closely with business analysts and product managers in analyzing Data Feed requirements and provide technical guidance Lead a small team of developers in the development lifecycle of new internal and external Data Feeds using best development practices Collaborate with other developers working on products that rely on the Data Feed platform Interact with business users and vendors in analyzing and solving Data Feed issues Work with technologies like C#, SQL Server 2008 / 2012, ASP.NET, WCF services, Windows services, JSON / XML, etc REQUIREMENTS: College degree or equivalent working experience Approximately 10 years of development experience 5 + years of experience with .NET and C# SQL Server experience ASP.NET/MVC, WCF Web services, and Windows services experience Media data planning and/or data collection experience is a plus 	Lead / Senior .Net Software Engineer	Kforce	New York	NY	New York, NY	Kforce	Mon, 05 Oct 2015 18:44:44 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=51da2c8e7711c17f&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXbzlUXXGXB-wBba4UkGH96yHd9Sto8yFyDrjD5nlsKvhJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kelsi118ij0te
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	The Data Analysis and Visualization Team (DAV) develops new technologies for at-scale data exploration by the modeling community at Two Sigma. In this position, you will have the opportunity to work with and contribute to a broad range of teams, to meaningfully impact Two Sigma’ s bottom line, and to learn a lot about how Two Sigma operates. Our current offerings include a high-performance data delivery platform, distributed in-memory analytics platform, and a time-varying graph visualization tools, with more in the works. An ideal team member will be an engineer with a passion for building highly scalable, performant, and reliable infrastructure for data analysis and visualization who is excited about working with Two Sigma data scientists to understand their needs and distill them into great technology products. This is a high-leverage role that will play a crucial part in defining how Two Sigma conducts cutting-edge financial research. Requirements Include: At a minimum, a bachelor’s degree in computer science or similar field. Experience using several different programming languages such as Java, C++, Groovy, Javascript and Python. Experience with large-scale systems is highly desirable. Strong programming skills. Ability to make extensive use of proprietary in-house file systems, databases, and data flow control systems built in Java and C++, with new languages and technologies continuously being evaluated. While we analyze the data-rich domain of finance, financial experience is not a requirement. Familiarity with big data technologies as well as more traditional data processing systems with ability to pick the right technologies and tradeoffs to suit the problem. 	Data Analysis and Visualization Software Engineer	Two Sigma Investments, LLC.	New York	NY	New York, NY	Two Sigma Investments, LLC.	Mon, 07 Sep 2015 06:06:49 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=98cc97aad1e906bf&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXbzlUXXGXB-wBba4UkGH96yHd9Sto8yFyDrjD5nlsKvhJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kelsi118ij0te
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Job Description If you are an experienced Software Systems Engineer looking for a position with a leading company, Bartech can help! We are a leading staffing firm and our clients include some of the nation’s biggest companies. Our client has a need for a Software Systems Engineer. This is a contract position; however it is not uncommon for assignments to transition into permanent positions with our client companies. If you have the background we are looking for, and you are interested in an opportunity to get your foot in the door with leading company, we want to talk with you! Software Systems Engineer Compensation (Hourly Range): 50-53 Per hour Your specific duties as a Software Systems Engineer will include: · Designs and codes from specifications, analyzes, evaluates, tests, debugs, documents, and implements moderately complex software applications · Under general direction, devises or modifies procedures to solve complex problems considering computer equipment capacity and limitations, operating time, and form of desired results · Competent to work at the highest technical level of all phases of applications programming activities · Monitor program execution for expected performance · Modifies, installs, and prepares technical documentation for system software applications · Monitors systems capacity and performance, plans and executes disaster recovery procedures, and provides Tier 2 technical support. · May customize purchased applications, and assists in maintaining program libraries and technical manuals · Provides high level written communications such as white papers, decision documents, or research papers · Identify, escalate and document production impact issues for the environment to confirmed delivery for client and business notification Software Systems Engineer Job Requirements As a Software Systems Engineer you must represent our company well by being responsible, punctual and motivated to go above and beyond the call of duty. You must also be highly detail-oriented and organized with excellent analytic and problem-solving abilities. It is also important that you display excellent verbal and written communication and interpersonal skills. Required Education, Experience &amp; Skills: · B.S. Electrical/Electronic/Computer Engineering ' M.S. preferred · 4-8 years experience with National Instruments Labwindows/CVI and TestStand products · 4-8 years experience with functional test software development in a manufacturing environment Two or more years experience required supporting Windows servers in a production enterprise environment; experience with Windows system administration, back office products such as SQL and IIS, and TCP/IP networking · Experience using HTML 5, JQuery, Angular JS, Java, J2EE, XML, SQL and Shell Scripting in a UNIX environment · Strong analytical &amp; troubleshooting skills. Software Systems Engineer Benefits As a Software Systems Engineer with Bartech, you will be working through an established and respected staffing organization with 35 years of serving as a trusted partner to our client companies. We are dedicated to providing our talent with personal, responsive attention, and will assign an employee care representative to answer any questions or concerns that you might have. Depending upon the client, the assignment and your performance, you can find potential opportunities for direct employment. Your hard work and professional dedication will be rewarded with competitive compensation, including benefits. Available benefits for Software Systems Engineer position include (but are not limited to: · Exceptional medical, dental, and vision · 401(k) · Paid time off, including holidays · Life and disability insurance Make the most of your experience! Apply now! Applicant must be eligible to work in the US for immediate opening. Software Systems Engineer Keywords (2-5): )*: HTML 5, Java Script, JQuery, CSS, Angular JS 	Software Systems Engineer	Bartech Group	Township of Warren	NJ	Township of Warren, NJ	Bartech Group	Tue, 06 Oct 2015 01:59:20 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=3209d46b3d6f9cce&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXbzlUXXGXB-wBba4UkGH96yHd9Sto8yFyDrjD5nlsKvhJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kelsi118ij0te
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	What excites us at OnDeck? Technology. Innovation. Small businesses. We believe in our employees and power their growth through being challenged every day and offering careers that inspire. We’re all about teamwork, passion and making an impact. Oh and having fun – Whether it’s a game of Ping-Pong, team get-togethers or weekly happy hours in the office. OnDeck (ONDK) uses data aggregation and electronic payment technology to evaluate the financial health of small and medium sized businesses to efficiently deliver capital to a market underserved by banks. Through the OnDeck platform, millions of small businesses can obtain affordable loans. We are changing the way small businesses borrow money by combining our passion for Main Street with cutting-edge technology. We evaluate businesses based on their actual performance, not personal credit, and that’s enabled us to say “yes” more often and faster than traditional lenders. Department overview: The Analytics team at OnDeck not only uses Big Data to make OnDeck smarter in various spheres like Sales, Marketing, Underwriting, etc. but also builds tools, systems &amp; platforms to use data effectively &amp; make a significant positive impact on the business. We welcome out-of-the-box thinking, resourcefulness and desire to innovate directed toward helping the company become an absolute leader in online loans to small businesses. In this role you will build: Data-driven smart services: Services that integrate with data from different sources &amp; make smart decisions related to Sales, Marketing &amp; other domains using models Model-hosting platform enhancements: Make the model-hosting platform more easy-to-use &amp; other enhancements Improving core underwriting applications: Implement continuous underwriting &amp; improve one-time underwriting applications Qualifications for success: You are passionate about technology &amp; using data effectively to help the business You have extensive experience on JVM languages like Java, Scala, etc. &amp; related technologies You have experience with functional programming &amp; use it every day You have experience working with data processing platforms (like Spark, Hadoop, etc.) &amp; cloud ecosystems (like AWS) You are a quick learner &amp; can easily pick up new technologies &amp; dive deep into them You are very hands-on &amp; can easily create services with well-designed RESTful APIs You have extensive experience with Databases (SQL &amp; NoSQL), XML/JSON data wrangling &amp; testing frameworks Experience with Python is a plus You are comfortable working in an agile development environment with periodic deliverables You can work in a team environment &amp; on individual projects You have strong verbal and written communication skills What we offer you: Have a meaningful impact on the company's future, and share in the rewards accordingly Work in a fun, fast-paced start up environment with some really cool and brilliant people Be on a motivated team that gets a lot done An open minded, collaborative culture of enthusiastic technologists. Medical/dental/vision insurance, 401k matching program, flex spending plan and life insurance. Smart colleagues who you can learn from. Paid/flexible vacations and holidays. If you’re sick just stay home and feel better. Summer &amp; Holiday events with the entire office! Happy hour every Wednesday. Fully stocked kitchen with snacks and drinks. 	Software Engineer - Decision Services & Analytics Team	OnDeck	New York	NY	New York, NY	OnDeck	Fri, 28 Aug 2015 22:50:37 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=96e615f0e569f91a&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXbzlUXXGXB-wBba4UkGH96yHd9Sto8yFyDrjD5nlsKvhJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kelsi118ij0te
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	You’ve probably heard of the Deep &amp; Dark Web—the part of the Internet that’s inaccessible to mainstream search engines. While people certainly use it for many legitimate reasons, the Deep &amp; Dark Web also affords a level of anonymity that makes it the perfect place on the Internet for bad guys to get together and cause problems for everyone. At Flashpoint, we illuminate the Deep &amp; Dark Web by building powerful tools that help protect the people you know and love (and even those you don't) from the looming threats emanating from the underbelly of the Internet. Our commercial clients across the Fortune 500 use our products to gain visibility into these rather opaque areas of the Internet to help defend themselves and their customers (you're probably one of them) from people exploiting the Deep &amp; Dark Web for unsavory goals. Our government clients use our products to help protect you and your fellow citizens from having to worry about people up to no good. We're undertaking unprecedented work here at Flashpoint. Our challenges are at the forefront of cyber intelligence, and the problems we’re solving demand a certain kind of mentality employing both traditional and nontraditional methodologies. We’re a group of tinkerers, white-hat hackers, and puzzle-driven engineers. Our office encourages outside-the-box thinking, experimentation, and open collaboration. Overhear a problem that you want to help solve? Speak up, and you’ll be involved. Discover a new technology that will make all our lives easier? Present it to the team, and lead its implementation. Challenges and long hours aside, we take time to decompress, remove ourselves from work, and mellow out as a team. Stopping to smell the roses is pretty much a prerequisite around here; it keeps us happy as individuals and promotes a healthy and empowering tight-knit culture for our team. You’ve heard a little bit about us; now we’ve got some questions for you: Do you want to have a direct impact in making the world a safer place? Do you want to help solve complicated, real-world problems that require your sleeves to be rolled up well past your elbows? Do you like to tackle difficult challenges alongside a team of talented and intrepid colleagues? Do you like to have fun in a supportive, team-driven environment? If you answered "no" to any of these questions, we won’t hold it against you, but we're probably not a fit. If you made it past that peer-into-your-soul interrogation with all “Yeses”, then congratulations! You nurture an altruistic streak, you don't shy away from an uphill battle, and you like to have fun alongside like-minded people. Us too! We’re going to need people like you to help develop our cutting edge data delivery and analysis platform. There’s a tremendous amount of work for us on the road ahead, and we’re moving at ludicrous speed, so we’re looking for a comrade-in-arms to jump in and join our team trailblazing the Deep &amp; Dark Web. If this sounds appealing, then we'd be very excited to hear from you. Below is more about the role we have in mind. Roles and Responsibilities Design and development of an evolving platform that processes, analyzes, and displays highly unique and differentiated data with modern JavaScript frameworks and data visualization tools. (Don't worry, we've got a full time designer, but he wants to work with someone who has opinions of his or her own.) Build and maintain the platform GUI Continue to add new interactive data displays Write unit tests Document system as it gets built Participate in team scrums Help bring in new technologies Requirements Required Qualifications and Experience React, Angular or other JavaScript frameworks HTML5 CSS and CSS Preprocessor Experience with agile or similar methodologies Writing JavaScript unit tests Strong communication skills Ability to work in a startup environment D3.js experience (preferred but not required) Love for Smash Bros. (preferred but not required) No recruiters or third parties, please! Sorry, we won't be sponsoring visas for this role! Benefits Compensation will be commensurate with experience and ability. Benefits include health care, commuter benefits, well-stocked kitchen, beer Fridays, and company outings.	Front End Software Engineer	Flashpoint	New York	NY	New York, NY	FlashPoint	Tue, 04 Aug 2015 23:32:52 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=5bb9a905c3091b0c&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXbzlUXXGXB-wBba4UkGH96yHd9Sto8yFyDrjD5nlsKvhJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kelsi118ij0te
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Interactive Brokers Group seeks a skilled Software Engineer with the following qualities : Problem solver Attention to details Fast learner Self-motivated and directed Responsibilities: This is an opportunity to work on enhancing automation of Back Office, Clearing Accounting and Risk Management systems. As a software engineer you will participate in all phases of a multi-tier software development cycle (GUIs, databases, mid-tier, batch applications, reporting) with an emphasis on the server-side. Debug, fix and maintain existing systems Qualifications: Bachelors or MS in Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics or Physical Sciences 4-10 years of java and/or C++ experience Strong knowledge of object oriented concepts &amp; multi tier applications Strong understanding of DBMS concepts (Oracle platform is a plus) Hands on expertise in server side programming in Java/C++ J2EE experience Knowledge of financial instruments is a plus 	Software Engineer Mid Level	Interactive Brokers	Greenwich	CT	Greenwich, CT	Interactive Brokers	Thu, 27 Aug 2015 06:06:35 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=7001cfc38797f754&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXbzlUXXGXB-wBba4UkGH96yHd9Sto8yFyDrjD5nlsKvhJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kelsi118ij0te
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Uniquely positioned to lead the way in the exciting HealthTech industry, Weight Watchers uses modern Lean and Agile practices as well as best of breed Engineering practices to deliver leading consumer focused products. Weight Watchers places a major emphasis on mobile and digital solutions to help our members reach their goals. This includes integrating with technologies such as Fitbit &amp; iOS Health, as well as building custom, intuitive products to serve our millions of members. As we rebuild many of our core experiences, we are seeking talented people who are excited to join our team. This is a rare opportunity to join a company embracing a modern Technology culture, where you will have the ability to improve peoples lives in a very meaningful way and have a major impact on Weight Watchers offerings to our members. As reliance on health and wellness awareness increases, you can be be part of the team that is leading the way. To help us achieve our goals, we are seeking Drupal Software Engineers to join our team. You will leverage your knowledge to develop new consumer focused products using modern Engineering practices such as Continuous Integration and Deployment. As a developer at Weight Watcher, your code, designs and decisions will be highly visible, and will directly impact and delight lots of users. What you will do: Develop and extend on Drupals core libraries and extensions. Develop custom extensions. Build and extend custom templates to power our content delivery. Integrate with service endpoints to deliver dynamic content to our members. Develop workflows to enable our content editors and marketing partners deliver content seamlessly. Build out unit tests and other automated tests. Build out new features and iterate on existing features. Enable analytics via tag management and logs. Participate in code reviews. You should have: Experience with Drupal (core &amp; contrib modules, theming, drush, etc) Experience with modern front-end JS technologies such as Angular or backbone Experience building responsive CMS driven websites. Experience with most of these emerging front end technologies including: CSS preprocessors, grunt, gulp, libsass and angular.js. Experience in some or all of the following: Drupal, Git, Jenkins, SimpleTest, Behat, Selenium, jMeter, bash/perl/*nix scripting, Vagrant, Puppet, Pantheon, AWS, CDN. Comfort with linux and shell scripting Experience with geo targeting and fencing technologies Experience with web services API integration (Rest, JSON, XML). Understanding of general user experience and UI design principles. Ability to understand requirements and map to technical implementation. Must have excellent oral and written communication skills. Computer science degree or equivalent academic or professional background. Bachelors degree in Computer Science or equivalent. We hire only the best people. Here are the benefits to being top-notch: The opportunity to work with some of the best innovators in the industry Generous healthcare coverage. 401(K) with company match. Paid Time Off Paid parental leave Tuition reimbursement Wellness allowance Profit Sharing Plus, the resources to locate services including child care, legal services, pet care and more Weight Watchers is an equal opportunity employer. Weight Watchers does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, creed, national origin, marital status, age, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, veteran status, or disability.	Drupal Software Engineer	Weight Watchers International	New York	NY	New York, NY	Weight Watchers International	Thu, 20 Aug 2015 05:19:08 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=17bf7011ffbfd32a&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXbzlUXXGXB-wBba4UkGH96yHd9Sto8yFyDrjD5nlsKvhJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kelsi118ij0te
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Vencore Labs delivers the visionary thinking that has consistently solved the most perplexing communications and information challenges. Drawing on intense collaboration across a world class workforce and elite partnerships, we offer an established, yet dynamic, research and engineering environment. As underscored by our heritage of 2000+ patents, we have a rich spectrum of projects focused on inventing and developing generation-after-next technologies. Vencore Labs is proud to be an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin or other protected characteristic. Vencore Labs is an E-Verify Employer. EEO/MF/DV/AA. Responsibilities Perform research on new networking, RF, and security technologies and develop proof-of-concept prototype and demos Productize the prototype into deployable fielded system and perform end-to-end system integration of newly developed prototype into existing radios, routers/switches, and other software systems Provide feedback to architecture team to improve network architecture and system performance Collect test data and perform analysis Write reports to document results Participate in laboratory and field tests Qualifications Minimum Qualifications: Experience in SW development and proficiency in programming and scripting languages such as C/C++/Java/Python/PERL B.S. in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Systems Engineering, or related field. (M.S. preferred); Manager is open to Entry Level Professionals At least one of the following qualifications : -Hands-on expertise in computer networking and Internet Protocol (IP) - experience with software defined radio (SDR) SW and HW platforms (e.g., GNU radio, USRP, RTL-SDR) - deep understanding of IP routing principles and IP routing protocols such as OSPF, RIP, PIM and BGP, etc. - experience in configuring and testing RF systems in the laboratory and in the field - MATLAB modeling and simulation experience for RF communication systems - data reduction and analysis experience for Army field tests; hands-on experience in Army waveforms and radios; and/or hands-on experience in Army SW/Battle Command/Security systems, including Mission Command/Battle Command Systems, DCGS, HBSS, CDS, or JBCP, etc. Preferred Qualifications: Hands-on experience in commercial routers such as Cisco, Juniper, Linux Deep system-level understanding and hands-on experience with RF communication systems Previous working experience in DoD programs Track record in performing state-of-the-art innovative research, including patents and published papers US citizen, DoD Secret clearance is a plus! 	Software Engineer	Applied Communication Sciences	Basking Ridge	NJ	Basking Ridge, NJ	Applied Communication Sciences	Tue, 01 Sep 2015 23:10:11 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=6f16ef17fd520185&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXbzlUXXGXB-wBba4UkGH96yHd9Sto8yFyDrjD5nlsKvhJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kelsi118ij0te
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	(New York) We hire people we admire. At Airtime, this means you love a good challenge, dream big, get shit done and know how to have fun. Were growing fast, come join us! We are working on tough real-time video challenges and our users expect the highest levels of predictability and reliability. As we continue to grow as a team, we want to create an elegant and efficient production environment. Your mission it to cross the boundary between development and tech ops - you will make out teams more effective and our systems hum. You will: Design, build and iterate on the physical and logical infrastructure that our web and mobile applications sit on Build and maintain a comprehensive alerting and monitoring system Write code/scripts to monitor and automate processes - you must think of infrastructure as code Work on developer tooling to make them more productive Troubleshoot issues across the entire stack - hardware, software, application, and network Automate anything that is done more than once Document current and future configuration processes and policies You have: ignificantly improved the production environment at your last company Practical knowledge of shell scripting and at least one scripting language (Python, Ruby, Perl, etc) Familiarity with systems management tools The ability to architect and code Familiarity with the entire web stack: frontend, the application layer, caching, and databases Experienced with configuration management, CDNs, load balancers A direct, concise communication style Worked with AWS Technologies we use: AWS NodeJS C++ Linux/Unix	Software Engineer, DevOps	Elevate Recruiting Group	New York	NY	New York, NY	Elevate Recruiting Group	Tue, 29 Sep 2015 09:04:15 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=2ba2f07c6a0e3213&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXbzlUXXGXB-wBba4UkGH96yHd9Sto8yFyDrjD5nlsKvhJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kelsi118ij0te
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Are you passionate about solving complex and interesting problems in the video technology space? Are you obsessed with scale, performance, and building beautiful products? If so, we are looking for you! VHX is a fast growing business in a fast moving industry. Some of our challenges and opportunities include: building tools and APIs to power the next generation of video networks, building a better-than-Netflix consumer video experience, improving our payments platform, and scaling out our service-oriented architecture. What you'll do: Create preliminary specs for new features Lead development of all aspects of our applications (development, testing, deployment, architecture) Write well-tested, maintainable code Optimize and scale existing features Create technical documentation for APIs and component designs Provide technical support of applications (fixing bugs and supporting clients' needs) Solve challenging problems around premium video streaming and delivery Evolve our stats and analytics system What will land you an interview: You can architect scalable and performant web applications and APIs Experience with Ruby, JavaScript, HTML5, SASS Experience with video, CDN's, and cloud computing You have developed libraries or applications and want to show them to us You work on side projects in your spare time What we're expecting: Proven track record of building production-ready web applications Appreciation for the peace of mind that comes with well-tested, peer-reviewed, and documented code Takes ownership and monitors the things you architect Comfort with both SQL and an ORM, and have exposure to a variety of database technologies Great written and verbal communication You are self-directed and able to manage your time effectively to meet deadlines You are cool as a cucumber under pressure Bonus: Experience with video delivery or transcoding Bonus: Experience with payment platforms Bonus: Experience with managing infrastructure on AWS VHX is an open distribution platform for anyone to sell video online. We've helped creators sell films, TV shows, comedy specials, web series and more, directly to their fans. Headquartered in DUMBO, Brooklyn, we’re a team of 20 and growing. We love jokes, video games, movie nights, and our office dogs. https://www.vhx.tv/about We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. Apply for this job	Software Engineer	VHX.TV	Brooklyn	NY	Brooklyn, NY	VHX.TV	Fri, 21 Aug 2015 08:50:27 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=bec6d498de5c9578&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXbzlUXXGXB-wBba4UkGH96yHd9Sto8yFyDrjD5nlsKvhJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kelsi118ij0te
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Job Locations US-NY Category Engineering Travel None Level Analyst More information about this job: Overview: TheCreatives group of MediaMath is responsible for handling, validating and serving client generated display and video based ads. We own the development of systems that support the full creative asset management process across all supply sources, media, and devices. As a Software Engineer, you will be expected to spend at least 80% of your time writing, reviewing or fixing application code. You should have a firm idea of what constitutes good software, what is a maintainable solution and what is a valid test. Responsibilities: Build upon an API centric application model. Work with product owners on feature requests: identifying key risks, tradeoffs and timelines. Work with our SREs on tooling, monitoring and deployment scripts. Assist in choosing and vetting new technologies to incorporate into our stack. Identifying architectural limitations and solutions in order to globally scale our infrastructure. Qualifications: 3+ years experience within a professional work environment, bonus for distributed and/or micro-service based systems. Familiarity with a JVM based language strongly preferred, we use Scala, though considerations given to other languages with first-class functions Exposure to automation tools such as Jenkins, Gatling, Chef, Ansible, etc. Exposure to SQL and NoSQL data stores Experience or familiarity with some form of an Agile development methodology MediaMath is a global technology company that's leading the movement to revolutionize traditional marketing and empowering marketers to unleash the power of goal-based marketing at scale, transparently across the enterprise. Our platform - TerminalOne Marketing Operating System - handles billions of transactions every hour and hundreds of millions of internet users every day, which means every solution must be built to scale. Our breakthroughs create new marketplaces and solve long-standing problems in an industry that is constantly evolving. Our engineers are building the leading technology platform to power the new digital marketing ecosystem, and we are looking for driven, curious innovators to join our team. In achieving their duties and responsibilities, MediaMath employees embody the Math Values of SPACE: Scalable Innovation, Performance, Accountability, Collaboration, and Empowerment.	Software Engineer, Creatives	MediaMath	New York	NY	New York, NY	StartUpHire	Tue, 20 Oct 2015 09:14:09 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=83901c440f697d67&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXbzlUXXGXB-wBba4UkGH96yHd9Sto8yFyDrjD5nlsKvhJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kelsi118ij0te
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Flocabulary, a rapidly growing ed-tech company that uses music to drive student achievement, is looking for a full-stack Software Engineer. You’ll work on our dev team in a lightweight agile environment, on projects ranging from interactive student activities to dashboards for school administrators to internal tools for our sales, marketing, and creative teams. As part of a small, fast-moving team working on an education app that just reached 1 million users, this position is an opportunity to have an instant impact on teachers and students in classrooms around the world. Requirements Required experience and skills: — You have solid Python, SQL, JS and general programming skills and are comfortable reading, writing, and reasoning about code — You write clear, testable, maintainable code, and enjoy communicating about how it works — You're comfortable working on a small team and thrive in a lightweight development process (i.e. you expect to figure some implementation details out on your own without help, but are very comfortable asking questions too) Benefits Why Flocab? — We love what we do and have fun doing it — We offer full-time employees medical/vision/dental after 90 days as well as a 401k — We offer generous vacation and family leave policies — We work in DUMBO with views of the water, bridges and skyline This is a full-time position located in Brooklyn, NY. Pay is competitive and commensurate with experience. To apply for this position, please send a resume and a code sample to python-dev@flocabulary.com.	Software Engineer	Flocabulary	Brooklyn	NY	Brooklyn, NY	Flocabulary	Thu, 03 Sep 2015 07:40:43 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=aad129943a6f4115&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXbzlUXXGXB-wBba4UkGH96yHd9Sto8yFyDrjD5nlsKvhJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kelsi118ij0te
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Are you a Software Engineer experience with Java and/or Scala Are you a Software Engineer interested in collaborating with the Data and Customer value teams to deign, build, and maintain data access layer If you are a Software Engineer looking to join the company with over $20M in funding from venture capital firms such as Bain Capital Ventures and SoftBank Capital, please read on… Headquartered in NYC, this venture- backed, the rapidly growing technology company is revolutionizing the commercial real estate world. Working in an incredibly collaborative environment to understand customer needs and research, decide on the best technical approach from which to deploy, and validate new features and products. Are you a Software Engineer experienced building modern, data-driven, web applications and APIs with an emphasis on strong software design methodologiesIf so, this could be the role for you! WHAT YOU WILL BE DOING – You will: Collaborate with the Data and Customer value teams to design, build, and maintain their data access layer Work with Product and other Engineers to define data interfaces and contracts to maximize ability to quickly leverage their data Play a major role in the future architecture of the rapidly expanding backend platform (everyone must play a role our technology roadmap) Write high-quality code and participate actively in code reviews WHAT YOU NEED: Expert knowledge in one or more of the following languages - Scala, Java, Python, or Node.js Previous experience improving a pre-existing codebase and ability to read source code to understand data flow and origin Experience working collaboratively in an Engineering team with frequent communication with stakeholders Solid experience building modern, data-driven, web applications and APIs with emphasis on strong software design methodologies Strong experience creating well-documented public and / or private API endpoints, interfaces, and contracts (preferably you’ve used a tool like Swagger / Blueprint previously) Passion for high-quality code, test-driven development and continuous integration Customer focused and excited about building products clients love WHAT YOU GET: Opportunity to work with a passionate and genuinely excited team Competitive base salary Full Benefits – Medical, Dental, and Vision Stock Options Flexible PTO and vacation policy Catered lunches Gym membership Spotify premium account and CitiBike account If you are a Software Engineer experienced in Java and/or Scala and are looking for a challenging role with a rapidly growing tech company, please apply today.	Software Engineer - Java - Scala - Revolutionizing commercial real estate	FILD	New York	NY	New York, NY	FILD	Fri, 02 Oct 2015 08:47:49 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=0113516f97a9e8d7&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXbzlUXXGXB-wBba4UkGH96yHd9Sto8yFyDrjD5nlsKvhJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kelsi118ij0te
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Job Locations US-NY US-MA-Cambridge US-IL-Chicago Category Engineering Travel .. Level .. More information about this job: Overview: This role is for a Software Engineer position within the Campaigns Tribe. The Campaigns Tribe develops and improves the portions of MediaMath's T1 API which relate to marketing campaigns. Recent projects have included designing a delayed-execution API for performing bulk edits; migrating targeting data to make them more generically reusable internally; designing a microservice capable of housing several million rows of taxonomic data. The primary project which Campaigns Tribe API engineers work on is written in the Perl programming language, using Catalyst and Rose::DB as the web framework and ORM, with Postgresql for data persistence. Secondary projects are written in the Go programming language and/or Scala. Responsibilities: Day-to-day, API engineers do the following things: implement new API features and contribute to project architectural goals participate in planning and designing new product features work directly with engineering colleagues through mentoring, pair programming, code reviews, whiteboard design sessions, etc. help optimize the existing application and SQL code participate in an agile software development team Qualifications: For this role, no prior experience with Perl is required. Strong candidates will have many of the following skills: 3+ years experience with an interpreted programming language (eg, Lisp, Ruby, Python, Node) 2+ years experience with advertising technologies 2+ years experience with ecommerce 2+ years experience with relational databases, in particular Postgresql or MySQL 2+ years experience in writing or using APIs and services experience with SQL beyond basic insert/select/update/delete kindness when providing feedback to other engineers a strong sense of compassion for the end user of your software a strong sense of ownership of software you wrote or which your team owns commitment to sound and robust software development experience with Extreme Programming, pair programming, and/or test-driven development I am more interested in a team-oriented software developer at the start of their career than a wizard hermit. Highly experienced candidates may wish to consult the Team Lead position. Lesser experienced candidates may be offered an Software Engineer I position. MediaMath is a global technology company that's leading the movement to revolutionize traditional marketing and empowering marketers to unleash the power of goal-based marketing at scale, transparently across the enterprise. Our platform - TerminalOne Marketing Operating System - handles billions of transactions every hour and hundreds of millions of internet users every day, which means every solution must be built to scale. Our breakthroughs create new marketplaces and solve long-standing problems in an industry that is constantly evolving. Our engineers are building the leading technology platform to power the new digital marketing ecosystem, and we are looking for driven, curious innovators to join our team. In achieving their duties and responsibilities, MediaMath employees embody the Math Values of SPACE: Scalable Innovation, Performance, Accountability, Collaboration, and Empowerment.	Software Engineer, API	MediaMath	New York	NY	New York, NY	StartUpHire	Tue, 20 Oct 2015 09:13:56 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=27d3abc1cb351198&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXbzlUXXGXB-wBba4UkGH96yHd9Sto8yFyDrjD5nlsKvhJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kelsi118ij0te
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	The Software QA Engineer will be responsible for much of the manual and automation testing for all e-commerce software. The QA will be working in Jquery, and PHP Framework, Go language. Be able to look at a process and figure out all the edge cases that need to be tested. Documenting test cases and use cases The Successful Applicant Experience with Selenium (preferably through PHPUnit) Experience with unit testing (preferably through PHPUnit) PHPSpec Behat, preferred Experience with mysql Experience with unix terminal Experience with version control Experience in TDD / BDD principles What's on Offer Base + Bonus Apply for this job Click the Apply or LinkedIn button below or contact Robert Nickey quoting job reference 1150141 As you are using an Apple iOS device we are unable to offer you the CV upload function. Please apply with your LinkedIn profile below or contact Robert Nickey quoting job reference 1150141	Software QA Engineer	Michael Page US	New York	NY	New York, NY	Michael Page US	Wed, 30 Sep 2015 12:22:21 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=6f52a308fbd329c8&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXbzlUXXGXB-wBba4UkGH96yHd9Sto8yFyDrjD5nlsKvhJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kelsi118ij0te
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	We currently have an exciting career opportunity for a Software Engineer in Jericho NY. This is a contract to permanent position (6 months contract then permanent placement based on performance). This is W2 position so no H1B applicants please. Job Description: Code and debug application code for complex systems or large projects. Needs good communication skills, needs to work from verbal instruction as well as documented requirements. Convert user requirements to a programming specification. Required* Oracle skills in SPL, PLSQL and Oracle Reports. Oracle Forms a plus. Candidate should be a self-motivated, independent, detail oriented, responsible team-player and exhibit exceptional relationship management skills (both written and verbal) Additional responsibilities may be assigned as needed based on the needs of the business and clients. 	Software Engineer	Rallient Technologies	Jericho	NY	Jericho, NY	Monster	Sun, 25 Oct 2015 15:57:17 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=ba6676c8b4f52d60&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXbzlUXXGXB-wBba4UkGH96yHd9Sto8yFyDrjD5nlsKvhJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kelsi118ij0te
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Select Candidates will be responsible for: Designing and developing software systems and databases. Analyzing and validating/verifying data and data integrity for features, enhancements and integrations with existing software applications Analysis of new systems and business processes, and management of system upgrades and implementation, etc. Candidates must have: Bachelor of Science in Computer Science/Engineering or equivalent Minimum of 10 years of relevant experience Proficiency in: Front End frameworks and libraries such as JQuery, Polymer, Angular, Bootstrap, Less, Sass VB.Net and/or C#, Microsoft SQL, ASP.NET MVC, ASP.NET Web API, Windows Form, HTML, JavaScript, CSS, Entity Framework, LINQ, Windows CE, Microsoft CE, Microsoft SQL CE, ZigBee, OLAP (Online Analytical Processing), Hybrid mobile development &amp; phone gap, web components, C/C++ Knowledgeable in: Design patterns &amp; concepts, MSMQ, IIS, Sever-sent events, waterfall and agile methodology Experience in multi-developer environment using effective source code and project change control Excellent verbal and written communications skills Strong analytical skills High energy, self-starter personality with ability to multi-task and time management skills Demonstrated Leadership skills with experience in formulating design requirements and lead development for key components of a system platform For immediate consideration please email your resume including expected salary to our Human Resources Department at admin2@ecinfosystems.com	Senior Software Engineer	EC Infosystems	Uniondale	NY	Uniondale, NY	EC Infosystems	Tue, 25 Aug 2015 16:04:36 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=a599685b19098582&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXbzlUXXGXB-wBba4UkGH96yHd9Sto8yFyDrjD5nlsKvhJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kelsi118ij0te
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	A proud public benefit corporation, Purpose builds movements to address today's biggest challenges and inspire people to remake the world. Purpose is developing cutting edge technologies to help foster the next generation of movements. Purpose is seeking an experienced and pragmatic Software Engineer to wield the codes that underlie our movement building tools and products. The ideal candidate has experience with a variety of domains and types of systems. Distributed, web, mobile, backend, front-end; the technology should be second nature with the main drive using hard earned skills to make a difference in the world. Responsibilities Work closely with stakeholders to build features for partner and product codebases Support and consult Purpose ventures, including our climate campaign, Here Now Responsible for designing and implementing the product vision through software development Prototyping of new concepts in organizing and movement-building Engage and collaborate with contract developers and other partner resources Qualifications You have a passion for changing the world and creating meaningful impact Experience with digital activism is ideal but not required 4+ years of experience working as part of a multi-disciplinary team Ability to stay up to speed with, and apply, the latest technologies Worked as part of a team that practiced BDD/TDD, or have good reasons not to Uses the right data store for the job, whether that’s relational, data warehouse or NoSQL Familiarity with data analytics tools such as Spark, Hadoop, and ML libraries a plus Comfortable in a polyglot environment (Ruby/Python/Javascript/R/etc) 	Senior Software Engineer	Purpose	New York	NY	New York, NY	Purpose	Mon, 17 Aug 2015 21:35:31 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=1bde0d711d3f60c3&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXbzlUXXGXB-wBba4UkGH96yHd9Sto8yFyDrjD5nlsKvhJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kelsi118ij0te
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	(New York) We hire people we admire. At Airtime, this means you love a good challenge, dream big, get shit done and know how to have fun. We're growing fast, come join us! We are looking for a serious JavaScript engineer to build, improve and scale systems and web applications using NodeJS. The end result? Seamless and delightful web and mobile experiences for millions of people. If you have experience working with Node.js, even better. If not, we're giving you the opportunity to become our in-house expert, but you'll need to come up to speed quickly. You will: Craft and code JavaScript backend technologies on Node.js Solve hard, complex problems and drive quality code Build for high-performance, availability and scalability Create an architecture that will handle millions of requests per minute Improve and deliver reliable software through continuous integration, automated testing and code reviews You have: A unhealthy obsession with elegant, clean JavaScript code Brought at least one innovative app to market Experience working across different platforms like Node.js, Rails, Sinatra, etc. Comfort and delight in a small, intense, high-growth startup environment A deep understanding of scaling web apps and various architectures to handle load An understanding large and complex code bases, including API design techniques to help keep them clean and maintainable Technologies we use: JavaScript Node.js Mongo DB Redis Solr AWS	Software Engineer, Messaging	Elevate Recruiting Group	New York	NY	New York, NY	Elevate Recruiting Group	Tue, 29 Sep 2015 09:04:15 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=f2b7ebca61cdd67b&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1zl0lh2q94UkhutpBbFIsdJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kem1r8511jd7a
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Addepar is an investment management technology company that empowers investors and advisors to navigate the increasingly complex world of finance. Combining world-class engineering with deep investment expertise, our extraordinary team is re-imagining and fundamentally improving how technology delivers integrity, transparency, and impact to the growing complexities of one of the world’s largest industries. Addepar builds technology that simplifies sophisticated portfolio analysis and reporting, empowering the modern investor to make more informed decisions based on immediate, accurate insights. Addepar’s growing engineering team is looking for world-class experienced engineering leaders. Many of our senior software engineers end up leading teams, so past experience with technical leadership and/or people management is important. Senior software engineers are characterized by progressive technical experience and demonstrated track record in architecting, implementing, and shipping scalable, efficient, and reliable high quality software. They also keep their algorithm and coding skills sharp and dedicate a tremendous amount of passion to our mission. Our Engineering teams Core Product and Analytics: building the models and analytics behind our next-generation financial product. Computational Architecture: building the platform that will power financial computations in a scalable, efficient, and distributed way. Infrastructure: build reliable services, monitoring, logging, application and service security, release engineering, and operational tools. Front-end Engineering: work with design and product to build the world’s most customizable financial front-end using a beautiful and seamless UI on top of Ember.js. Onboarding and Data: work with the platform and data teams to create the tools and efficient frameworks for onboarding the world’s financial data, including data specific to our clients, onto our platform. Automation: build the tools to automate the development and testing of our product and platform, including integration testing, regression testing, and simulation of massive data sets that is essential as we scale. Requirements B.S., M.S., or Ph.D. in Computer Science or related technical field 5+ years of relevant work experience, including hands-on technical leadership and/or people management Extraordinary talent in software engineering, including architecture and algorithms Exceptional coding skills and deep knowledge of various programming languages and technologies Significant experience with web development, distributed systems, or analytical methods Experience of setting best practices, reviewing code, and mentoring less experienced team members Past track record of architecting systems, writing technical specs, and shipping significant software initiatives 	Senior Software Engineer - NY	Addepar	New York	NY	New York, NY	Addepar	Thu, 27 Aug 2015 06:02:20 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=ba34fdced588b218&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1zl0lh2q94UkhutpBbFIsdJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kem1r8511jd7a
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	A company looking to offer best of breed solutions to managing internet site traffic is seeking a talented Back End Software Engineer to join their team. The platform will allow site owners to receive deep and real time analytics on site traffic to offer infrastructure management solutions. The company prides itself on being able to provide high performance DNS that enables their customers to take unparalleled control over where their end users are routed. By combining real-time monitoring and data with our powerful but easy-to-use filter technology, the company offers highly customizable turn-key routing setups for the most advanced load balanced applications on the web. Required Skills · 5+ years engineering experience · BS/MS in Computer Science or related field · Experience in an agile environment · Skillset includes most if not all of the following: (C, Go, Python, Hadoop, Redis, RabbitMQ, Linux, MongoDB) · Knowledge of internet ecosystem · Experience with REST API · Must be local to NYC Benefits You will be working at a small, well-funded company that offers not only a casual work environment, but also a competitive benefits package. That package includes medical, dental, vision, commuter benefits, 401K, and flexible hours! A competitive salary and stock options are just the start! Keyword Tags Manhattan, Python, NYC, New York, Jersey City, Hoboken, Bronx, Staten Island, MongoDB, C, Rest, engineer, developer	Back End Software Engineer	Jobspring Partners	New York	NY	New York, NY	Jobspring Partners	Thu, 24 Sep 2015 16:45:36 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=bedbde8044ea0d83&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1zl0lh2q94UkhutpBbFIsdJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kem1r8511jd7a
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Overview Parse.ly is a venture-backed startup providing analytics to the web's best publishers. We have a sales office in New York City and a fully distributed (remote) engineering team. Parse.ly tracks billions of pageviews per month and counts many of the world's biggest media companies as customers. But, we're looking to grow, and you can help! The Specifics Responsibilities Write code. Analyze data. Brainstorm new product ideas and directions. Master cloud technologies and systems. Learn, grow, and succeed. Requirements Ideally 2-3 years experience in technology, but no minimum experience required. Self-sufficient, but works well with others. Highly organized and disciplined. Open source contributions and publicly scrutable code. Some background in Python and/or JavaScript preferred. What You Get Work from home or anywhere else. Competitive salary and benefits. Generous equipment budget. Work with one of the brightest teams in tech. Learn how to start and grow a business as an entrepreneur.	Software Engineer	Parse.ly	New York	NY	New York, NY	StartUpHire	Thu, 15 Oct 2015 09:00:14 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=5557bb296f203d4e&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1zl0lh2q94UkhutpBbFIsdJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kem1r8511jd7a
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Please only local candidates Responsibilities Work with cutting edge technologies in web application using Microsoft web stack Design and develop highly scalable web applications primarily using ASP.NET MVC framework Work with .NET open source frameworks like Web Api Develop large scale, multi-tier and distributed applications with emphasis on performance and scalability End-to-end development of new product features from concept to deployment Work with other business stakeholders in order to gather business requirements and implement solutions that follows industry standards Qualifications At least 8years of work experience in software development with .NET framework Excellent knowledge and work experience on designing and developing complex software applications Open mind towards open source technologies yet strong base in Microsoft technical stack Highly experienced in Microsoft MVC Framework and ASP.NET Experienced with front-end development with JavaScript frameworks, HTML and jQuery Experience with Agile software engineering processes and methodologies Proficient in OO Design Principles and design patterns Experience with unit testing or have exposure to Test-Driven Development(TDD) and Business Driven Development(BDD) Solid data modeling and programming skills primary with MS SQL but NoSql experience is a plus .NET MVC webapi TDD dependency injection C# nUnit MStest	.NET Software Engineer	SilverSearch, Inc.	Jersey City	NJ	Jersey City, NJ	Dice	Wed, 21 Oct 2015 00:10:45 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=2aebf4453452921e&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1zl0lh2q94UkhutpBbFIsdJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kem1r8511jd7a
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	RESPONSIBILITIES: Kforce has a client has a client seeking a Junior / Mid Java Software Engineer in New York, NY. This is a great opportunity for someone who has the desire to work with teams that are passionate about lean startup principles, innovation and creating amazing customer experiences. This is a company that is continuously recognized for its world-class products! Responsibilities: Responsible for design, evaluation and implementation of innovative software components for a large scale, fault tolerant and distributed software platform Help the client to implement their next generation audio platform delivering leading edge audio quality to customers using collaboration software as well as the stand-alone audio conferencing service Apply skills and experience in an Agile/Scrum environment, working closely with developers, designers, and product managers Work on cutting edge, cloud based, Software-as-a-Service products for a major player in the software/tech industry Work closely with Architect and Senior Engineers to design and implement a software solution in either Java or C++ (based on background) Work with the Quality Engineering Team to support product validation and deployment to LIVE environment Work with Scrum Master, Product Managers to understand and groom stories based on user requirements REQUIREMENTS: Experience in C++ or Java and one or more scripting languages (e.g., JavaScript, Python) Experience in UNIX programming Knowledge of Object-oriented Programming (OOP); including modular design and development Knowledge of data structures, collections and algorithms and familiarity with Linux based systems Knowledge in Networking technologies and multi-threaded programming Knowledge of highly scalable, distributed fault tolerant systems Java background C++ background, knowledge with client-server systems, Internet communication protocols and real-time communication protocols (RTP, SIP/SDP, H.323) Experience in Web development (e.g. MVC frameworks, Ajax Frameworks, Java, Spring, Hibernate, HTTP, XML, TCP/IP, JavaScript, and JSP/Servlets) Experience designing and developing APIs and Web Services Understanding of databases, (e.g. NoSQL, SQL, and schema design) Self-starter, quick learner and able to thrive in a culturally and technically diverse team environment 	Java Software Engineer - Well Known Firm	Kforce	New York	NY	New York, NY	Kforce	Mon, 05 Oct 2015 19:44:18 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=68e2812a84764413&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1zl0lh2q94UkhutpBbFIsdJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kem1r8511jd7a
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	We’re a different kind of placement firm, founded by software engineers who have worked in core product roles at excellent tech companies. Our Clients We are currently recruiting for full-time (direct hire) core engineering roles, at a broad array of top tech companies and fast-growing startups in Silicon Valley. Some of our current and potential clients include Apple, Bloomberg, BNY Mellon, Duolingo, eBay, Google, Intuit, Microsoft, Tesla, Visa, VMWare as well as startups, like VenueNext and Fanatics . Our unique process Coming from our engineering roots, we have devised a common technical screening process for each aggregate set of requirements. Assuming you do well in our technical screen, we’ll share your results with companies from our portfolio that you choose. If not, then you can try with us again in as little as two weeks. Amazing benefits of our process If you do well, then you’ll cut down on multiple screenings at our partner companies. For many of the companies, you’ll directly go onsite. If you don’t happen to do well, then we won’t give up on you. You can prepare with excellent help from our partner http://InterviewKickstart.com, after which you can try again in just two weeks. Experience : 2 to 25 years of software engineering experience (Multiple positions) Language skills : Fluency in at least one of the following: Back-end: Java, Or C/C++, Or Scala, Or Golang, Or Python, Or similar stack. Front-end: Node.js, Angular.js, React.js, HTML5, CSS and in general proficiency in Javascript. Full-stack: Node.js, Ruby on rails, Java (J2EE/Spring) Education : A 4-year CS degree is a plus, but your coding and attitude matters more than resumes or degrees. About A Good Engineer A Good Engineer LLC., is laser-focused in what it says in its name viz. matching good engineers with their dream companies. We believe that every engineer is good in their own way. They just need to be heard and placed at the right place matching their skills. Job Type: Full-time Salary: $300,000.00 /year Required experience: Software Development (2 - 25 Yrs): 2 years Required education: Bachelor's 	Sr Software Engineer -Apply once, fastrack to multiple jobs ($150K - $300K)	A Good Engineer	New York	NY	New York, NY	Indeed	Tue, 03 Nov 2015 17:47:55 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=cb3858499d75e466&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1zl0lh2q94UkhutpBbFIsdJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kem1r8511jd7a
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	ID 2013-1099 Job Locations US-NY-New York City Category Engineering Travel .. Level .. Options: Apply for this job online Refer a friend to this job More information about this job: Overview: MediaMath is a confluence of media, technology and massive amounts of data. There is a transformation of an industry underway and MediaMath is at the cutting edge. Our engineers develop very complex, innovative, and highly scalable technology to change how advertising is bought, sold, and traded. Their breakthroughs create new market places, solve long-standing problems, and push new technology every day. It?s a very exciting company in a very exciting industry. Our platform handles billions of transactions per hour and we reach hundreds of millions of Internet and mobile users worldwide?and we're not done yet! The platform and tools we develop are built to scale because this revolution has just begun. The Data Platform Team focuses on the "last mile" of data delivery by providing data marts and APIs for clients to create UIs, dashboards or even their very own analytics groups. We structure internal and external data streams into a cohesive Product with extension points and "hooks" for others to do the same. By maximizing access to data, we hope to foster innovation at MediaMath and amongst our clients. As a Software Engineer on the Data Platform team, you'll design, develop and deploy solutions to ingest, transform and deliver terabytes of data each day. By structuring, analyzing and reporting on MediaMath's unique data assets, you'll create new platform capabilities that give our customers deeper insight into their businesses. Responsibilities: Develop large-scale data processing and analytic solutions to deliver insights to customers with minimal latency Create robust internal and external web services for clients and partners to connect to our platform Work with data scientists to implement new analyses via map reduce jobs Quantify and improve test coverage and system performance Provide input and feedback for sprint planning and task estimation Participate in code reviews with other team members Own or lead small/midsize projects (requirements, design, work planning, risk analysis, etc.) Qualifications: BS/MS in Computer Science, Mathematics, or related course of study 2+ years of professional software development experience, preferrably in a Big Data setting Strong understanding of software architecture, OO principles and common design patterns Experience with Amazon Web Services such as EC2, S3, Redshift Extensive experience with Java (Hadoop a huge plus) Exposure to additional programming languages (Scala, Python, Ruby, Perl, C++) is a big plus+ Must possess strong fluency in SQL and familiarity with Linux Understanding of data warehousing and reporting concepts "Get it done" attitude How do we reward our outstanding Math Men and Math Women? We start with company equity, comprehensive medical, dental, vision, short term and long term disability and life insurance, Open Paid Time Off, free on-site chair massages and our 401(k) and 401(k) matching. We then serve-up flexible spending accounts, bagel Fridays, free snacks and sodas, and the latest and greatest technology you need to do your job (including a $250 biennial allowance for the latest smartphone). And the cherry on top? Monthly MathMixers; including Potlucks, Trivia Nights, and pick-up basketball, to name a few. In achieving their duties and responsibilities, MediaMath employees are expected to behave in keeping with the Math Values of SPACE: Scalable Innovation, Performance, Accountability, Collaboration, and Empowerment.	Software Engineer, Reporting and Analytics	MediaMath	New York	NY	New York, NY	StartUpHire	Tue, 20 Oct 2015 09:14:11 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=933d8b1f78ce1dea&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1zl0lh2q94UkhutpBbFIsdJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kem1r8511jd7a
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	What excites us at OnDeck? Technology. Innovation. Small businesses. We believe in our employees and power their growth through being challenged every day and offering careers that inspire. We’re all about teamwork, passion and making an impact. Oh and having fun – Whether it’s a game of Ping-Pong, team get-togethers or weekly happy hours in the office. OnDeck (ONDK) uses data aggregation and electronic payment technology to evaluate the financial health of small and medium sized businesses to efficiently deliver capital to a market underserved by banks. Through the OnDeck platform, millions of small businesses can obtain affordable loans. We are changing the way small businesses borrow money by combining our passion for Main Street with cutting-edge technology. We evaluate businesses based on their actual performance, not personal credit, and that’s enabled us to say “yes” more often and faster than traditional lenders. Department overview: Technology at OnDeck is a mix of building cutting edge systems to provide a world-class user experience to our customers and partners, aggregate mountains of data to make real-time lending decisions, and of course move lots of money every day. We have an emphasis on scalability, reliability and accuracy. Web team at OnDeck helps define and build innovative online experiences that allow small businesses to come directly to OnDeck to obtain loans quickly and easily. Our goal is to offer the most intuitive, functional and elegant interfaces in the industry built on top of solidly-engineered service-oriented architecture and using a combination of popular and flexible web frameworks and open source projects. We welcome out-of-the-box thinking, resourcefulness and desire to innovate directed toward helping the company become an absolute leader in online loans to small businesses. In this role you will build: Customer facing apps! That includes: "OnDeck Online" which is where customers go to apply for a loan "Customer Portal" which is the application where customers manage their accounts and... native Android and iOS apps! Mobile, merchant loan origination and account APIs, used by the web applications, mobile and the sales CRM platform. User tracking and feature testing infrastructure, as well as internationalizing our web offerings. Qualifications for success: Thorough understanding of REST APIs. Solid experience with Java and popular java-based frameworks and libraries. Passionate about continuous delivery and continuous integration practices. Experience architecting and designing large and scalable applications. Willingness to learn and work in multiple technologies and frameworks. Familiarity with financial industry is a big plus. Bachelor degree (or equivalent experience) in Computer Science and 5+ years of experience. What we offer you: Have a meaningful impact on the company's future, and share in the rewards accordingly Work in a fun, fast-paced start up environment with some really cool and brilliant people Be on a motivated team that gets a lot done An open minded, collaborative culture of enthusiastic technologists. Medical/dental/vision insurance, 401k matching program, flex spending plan and life insurance. Smart colleagues who you can learn from. Paid/flexible vacations and holidays. If you’re sick just stay home and feel better. Summer &amp; Holiday events with the entire office! Happy hour every Wednesday. Fully stocked kitchen with snacks and drinks. 	Senior Software Engineer - Web Team	OnDeck	New York	NY	New York, NY	OnDeck	Thu, 27 Aug 2015 16:52:54 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=85e61ad6674871ba&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1zl0lh2q94UkhutpBbFIsdJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kem1r8511jd7a
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Elsevier is the world's leading provider of scientific, technical and medical (STM) information, tools and resources. A global company based in Amsterdam, Elsevier partners with scientists, researchers, healthcare providers, educators and decision-makers in academic institutions, governments and corporations to help them find, evaluate and use information. Our breadth of content is unparalleled, spanning virtually every STM field in the world and includes such distinguished brands as Gray's Anatomy, The Lancet and Cell. Using innovative technology, we deliver our content through tools that help our customers be more productive and successful in their work. ScienceDirect delivers the worlds' leading journals electronically to over 11 million readers in 200 countries. And physicians in 95 percent of teaching hospitals rely on MD Consult to get critical information that can save lives. Technology is the key to Elsevier. Your challenge will be to excite the brightest minds in the work they do. You will be redefining how our customers use our information; and developing innovative and impactful solutions on eBooks, apps, complex point-of-care products and more. Imagine the pride that comes from launching such new products. To succeed, you will need to be both commercially minded and technology focused. And equally important is the passion and commitment to making a positive difference to the world. All these in an exciting and evolving workplace which offers all the career opportunities expected of a prestigious, global company. Role Purpose: Reporting to the Manager, Software Engineering the Senior Front End Developer will participate in the Agile software development process and drive development of large-scale, distributed Life Sciences web-based applications. The successful candidate will bring and share sufficient process experience in Agile/Scrum methodology emphasizing collaboration and teamwork in application to large enterprise software development projects, mostly around Pharma &amp; Biotech content solutions and literature databases. Key Result Areas: Software Development: Develops Java technology stack based software as a member of Agile team Designs, codes, tests, implements, maintains and supports application software that is delivered on time and within budget Modifies and/or writes technical and operator documentation. Software Technical design: Recommends technical strategy and direction in area(s) of expertise. Participates in development and evolution of architecture. Conducts complex analysis and provides recommendations on the utilization of emerging and existing technologies. Performs engineering cost/benefit analysis to verify potential effectiveness of new projects Builds new high level designs as required Recommends and plans use of system and software features Maintains an understanding of current industry trends. Knowledge Sharing and Collaboration: Communicates and proactively influences and educates members of technical and managerial staff on technology issues Mentors less experienced staff on all aspects of multiple system environments, software and system operations Works closely with Business Analysis and Project Management functions to ensure correct technical design. Functional and Technical Competencies: JavaScript, CSS, Ajax, old fashioned Java Script; applied software development experience in Java, JSP &amp;J2EE XML &amp; XSLT, (x) HTML OO design &amp; development Experience in Enterprise Web development and large-scale deployments Web services, API development REST, SOA Knowledge and experience in Agile SW development. Formal Agile/Scrum training preferred Adobe Photoshop, Illustrator. These technical competencies are a plus: dust.js, node.js; Marklogic, XQuery Understanding of and experience in database technology and search systems Continuous integration (Hudson, Jenkins); Unix Scripting language Cloud technologies and cloud deployments; experience with legacy (Struts, Tiles, Antlr). Education, Knowledge, Skills and Experience: 7-10 years of relevant work experience Expertise of the development lifecycle including design, coding, testing and delivery Experience in systems analysis, design and a solid understanding of development, quality assurance and integration methodologies Focuses on developing integrated solutions within a broad technical and business context of significant impact Master's Degree in Software Development, Information Technology, or a relevant field of work or equivalent work experience. We offer an excellent compensation and benefits package as well as a real opportunity for career growth in a growing organization. Elsevier is an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.	Sr Software Engineer	Elsevier	New York	NY	New York, NY	CareerBuilder	Sat, 10 Oct 2015 23:16:18 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=5fef1b917d5ddc60&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1zl0lh2q94UkhutpBbFIsdJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kem1r8511jd7a
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	We are solving an interesting (and big) mobile-social-financial problem-- and it all starts with a game! We are well-backed by the top players in the financial industry. We’ve already built a stellar core team to attack the opportunity, and looking for another senior dev to come in the ground floor. We’re in NJ, right across from a major NJT train station, so if you live in NYC it's a quick reverse commute with ~1-2 days/week remote time. If you’ve got Node, Express, Angular skills; If you have or want to learn Google Go, we’d like to learn more about you, and give you a chance to do the same. Skills &amp; Requirements Senior Software Developer, able to work with and guide junior developer. Excellent problem solving skills, optimization skills, and experience working at scale. Focus on getting things right before getting them into production. Here, speed is secondary, correctness is first. Game development, Mobile Development a plus but not required for this role. You'll be working with game and mobile designers and developers but the role isn't about games. About Intelligration LLC. Intelligration LLC is attacking an important, big,mobile-social-financial problem using cutting edge tech and super experienced, team with a track record of success! We're located in Summit, NJ across from the train station, and easy reverse commute from NYC and an easy drive from North and Central New Jersey. \	Senior Software Engineer	Intelligration LLC.	Summit	NJ	Summit, NJ	StackOverflow Jobs	Sat, 24 Oct 2015 14:30:04 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=dfa1b717bc580559&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1zl0lh2q94UkhutpBbFIsdJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kem1r8511jd7a
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	We currently have an immediate opening for a highly skilled and energetic Senior Software Engineer. Qualified candidates must have extensive experience building middle-tier services in the MS Windows Environment. Build and maintain systems using .NET 2.0+/VB.NET/C#/SQL Server 2005+/etc. Develop new and innovative functionality on our existing software products. Lead/mentor developers and share knowledge. All other responsibilities as assigned Requirements for Senior. Software Engineer Six(+) years experience in software development (lead developer would be a plus). Three(+) years experience with VB.NET./C# Three(+) years working with SQL Server 2005+ prefered). Expert level knowledge of Microsoft Development tools (.Net 2.0+, WCF, Windows Workflow, ADO.Net, LINQ, SQL Server 2005+, IIS 6+). Experience with SOAP, XML, XSL, XSLT and WS-*, Silverlight Expert in Object Oriented Design Thorough technical knowledge in software development methodologies, design and implementation. Experience in design and development in Interfaces and/or interoperability solutions for Healthcare products. Experience with healthcare systems and technology a plus: HL7, HIE, IHE Strong experience designing and working with n-tier architectures along with some experience with SOA. Ability to design and optimize SQL Server stored procedures with multiple database platform experience. Ability to adapt quickly to an existing, complex environment. Ability to quickly learn new concepts and software is necessary. Candidate should be a self-motivated, independent, detail oriented, responsible team-player and exhibit exceptional relationship management skills. Passionate about building high-quality systems with software implementation best practices while leading and mentoring a team of developers. Education BS in Computer Science, Software Engineering or other relevant combination of training and education. Microsoft Certified Professionals are a plus! 	Senior Software Engineer – .NET	Smith & Keller	New York	NY	New York, NY	Smith & Keller	Mon, 05 Oct 2015 05:14:21 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=a0e0df8a62814f56&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1zl0lh2q94UkhutpBbFIsdJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kem1r8511jd7a
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	We’re looking for a seasoned Java server-side developer with a wealth of experience designing, developing and perfecting server-side systems that are able to process complex business rules, multi-layered transactions and scale to thousands of users. The ideal candidate will be a Java expert who can design and build complex object-oriented systems, and has a firm handle on how to solve real-world business needs with elegant, reusable and efficient Java code/architecture. Only veteran software developers with demonstrated full-lifecycle delivery experience will be considered, meaning you need to possess a strong foundation in the science and discipline of structured programming. Requirements Experience developing against relational databases and working with SQL JSP, JavaScript and AJAX experience Experience optimizing Java code in terms of memory usage and performance/speed Experience in the delivery of commercial grade / enterprise class software Passionate about Test Driven Development Experience working in a Continuous Integration environment Highly knowledgeable in JEE as well as software design patterns Domain knowledge in project financial accounting (spending forecasts, project and fiscal budgeting, and cost capitalization) a plus. The Company EcoSys is the leader in the enterprise project portfolio management software industry. The Company’s proprietary web-based software product, EcoSys EPC, has been developed by talented and creative technology professionals who are serious about delivering world class products and services. The investment in this talent has resulted in an outstanding product that is driving an ever-increasing top line. As more clients adopt the technology we are finding new opportunities in our product road map, and so we are looking to grow the team. The culture is tech-heavy, the product sophisticated, and the problems solved for our client base are significant. We’re looking for someone who will find this appealing. EcoSys is located conveniently in midtown Manhattan.	Java Software Engineer	EcoSys	New York	NY	New York, NY	Ecosys	Mon, 17 Aug 2015 09:46:42 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=490f3133960668db&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1zl0lh2q94UkhutpBbFIsdJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kem1r8511jd7a
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Our Mobile Software Engineers work in a "startup" style team with other talented engineers and UI designers who have a common goal of delivering high quality, high performance games/apps for iOS and Android devices. You will be entrenched in the full life cycle of new mobile products including ideation, design, development and release. New office space in mid-town Manhattan Fortune 500 benefits day one with start-up perks Freedom to execute on YOUR ideas This is an exciting opportunity to have your work seen on mobile devices by millions of players around the world . Role Design, develop and launch mobile-social games Work within a small collaborative team of software engineers, designers and product managers in an agile environment to develop exciting new mobile products Participate in all phases of the software development cycle Participate in sprint planning sessions Skills / Experience Are passionate about your work Strong mobile development skills Focus on creating great user experience and high quality apps Experience working with an MVC framework Experience with GIT Knowledge of Starling and Feather a plus About FreshPlanet A venture backed startup with a successful track record of developing and launching innovative and creative mobile / social games A game brand that has captivated and continues to engage millions of players A unique culture where small teams have complete product ownership and help define the future of mobile / social gaming A collaborative work environment where individual strengths are leveraged into team success FreshPlanet , creator of the hit game SongPop , has quickly become the leading social and mobile game developer in New York City. We are a venture-backed startup that's quickly attracted a global audience. The company is developing apps and games around Pop Culture. SongPop has attracted over 100 million players around the world . Current game portfolio: 	Software Engineer - MOBILE GAMES in NYC	FreshPlanet, Inc.	New York	NY	New York, NY	FreshPlanet, Inc.	Sat, 22 Aug 2015 09:10:17 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=0a4295144ac1f961&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1zl0lh2q94UkhutpBbFIsdJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kem1r8511jd7a
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Job Locations US-NY Category Engineering Travel .. Level .. More information about this job: Overview: The Intelligence team leverages data and algorithms to optimize MediaMath's real-time bidding strategy and reach: bid pricing / valuation, response rate prediction, fraud detection, cookieless and cross-device targeting, etc. We are currently seeking full-stack software engineers with a strong interest in user interface and user experience. As a full-stack engineer, you will design and implement interfaces to our services, both programmatically through APIs and for users through web interfaces. Responsibilities: Key responsibilities include but are not limited to: Implement, test, deploy and monitor user interfaces and APIs Integrate the solutions into the MediaMath TerminalOne platform Collaborate with product managers and team members to gather requirements, design, and develop solutions Participate in software design meetings and analyze user needs to determine technical requirements Provide support for day-to-day operational work as needed Qualifications: BA/BS Degree in computer science, mathematics, or related field 3+ years of professional software development experience. Experience with front-end technologies (HTML5, CSS, Javascript), UI frameworks (AngularJS, Backbone.js, React, Bootstrap, etc.) and API-related development (Python, PHP, Node.js, etc.) Strong analytical and problem solving skills Experience in the ad-tech/marketing industry is a plus	UI Software Engineer, Intelligence	MediaMath	New York	NY	New York, NY	StartUpHire	Tue, 20 Oct 2015 09:14:10 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=a81e5fc932b6af2a&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1zl0lh2q94UkhutpBbFIsdJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kem1r8511jd7a
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	About Crestron Crestron is the market leader in ultra-high end home and business automation. You don't need multiple remotes just to watch television, or a wall filled with switches and knobs that takes you three tries to find the right lamp. Take control of your home with just one button press from a sleek Crestron touch screen, designer engraved mechanical keypad, or your iPad®, iPhone®, iPod Touch®, or Android™ device. Select a movie to watch or music to enjoy from your favorite chair. Adjust your lights, shades, temperature and check on your alarm system or security cameras without getting out of bed. The comfort and convenience of the ultimate technology lifestyle can be yours. The possibilities are endless, whatever you can imagine Crestron can do. Position Summary: As a senior member on the system team, you will be responsible for driving the existing product into the next generation of design and feature set. There is a lot of opportunity on this team for the right person to bring consistency, robustness, scalability, and vision to this product. We are looking for clear minded visionaries to ensure a dependable and consistent user experience while keeping up with a large quantity of incoming market demands. EOE/M/F/D/V Skills and Education Requirements: Skill Requirements: High energy, self-motivated, ambitious, and flexible. 5+ years’ experience in Windows applications using C#.NET 5+ years’ experience developing a multi-threaded Windows thick-client application 5+ years of commercial software development, proficient in developing multi-tier solutions BS degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or equivalent Demonstrable proficiency with object oriented design, patterns, and development Excellent communication skills (verbal and written), good interpersonal skills, ability to gather and understand requirements Strong debugging and diagnostic skills Demonstrable knowledge of software development processes and coding techniques Experience working with devices, firmware, or communication protocols is a plus Other Duties as assigned Must be eligible to work in the US without sponsorship. Please note only applicants who meet the requirements listed in this ad will be considered. 	Sr. Software Engineer	Crestron	Rockleigh	NJ	Rockleigh, NJ	Crestron	Wed, 09 Sep 2015 08:32:24 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=92322d75f35d09b7&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1zl0lh2q94UkhutpBbFIsdJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kem1r8511jd7a
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	About Us: We are an early-stage financial technology startup in NYC. Using a patent pending approach we are changing the way people manage their money and make financial decisions. The founders have backgrounds that span large scale system development, trading and portfolio management, quantitative finance, and economics. We are extremely well-funded with very positive initial customer feedback. We are currently in private beta but you can learn more about us at www.pefin.com We Are Looking: for a Software Engineer to join our core product development team. The successful candidate should have demonstrated very strong analytical skills; and expertise in creating scalable and flexible software components. S/he would be working on cutting-edge web technologies and frameworks including NET 4.5, HTML5, MongoDB, distributed caching technologies and SQL Server 2014. The role requires developing and maintaining core application layer components, financial business logic and integration processes. This is a unique opportunity to work on current web technologies while working side by side with business stakeholders and senior technology management as we take our product to market. Requirements Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or related field with 3+ years of work experience. Expert in C#, JavaScript and SQL. Experience designing, developing, deploying and maintaining large-scale software systems. Experience with ASP.NET MVC, NodeJS, MongoDB, SQL Server 2005 or higher. Experience in the following would be considered a plus – Linux, Memcached, Solr, Redis. We offer competitive compensation, health/dental benefits, and a collaborative yet flexible work environment. Given the strategic nature of this role, we would only consider full-time candidates. Candidates who are not US citizens or permanent residents need to have authorization to work in the US in order to apply. Job Type: Full-time Required experience: Programming: 3 years Required education: Bachelor's 	Full Stack Software Engineer	Pefin, Inc.	New York	NY	New York, NY	Indeed	Thu, 20 Aug 2015 22:34:10 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=448b22d38a1a9dfb&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1zl0lh2q94UkhutpBbFIsdJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kem1r8511jd7a
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	About Crestron Crestron is the market leader in ultra-high end home and business automation. You don't need multiple remotes just to watch television, or a wall filled with switches and knobs that takes you three tries to find the right lamp. Take control of your home with just one button press from a sleek Crestron touch screen, designer engraved mechanical keypad, or your iPad®, iPhone®, iPod Touch®, or Android™ device. Select a movie to watch or music to enjoy from your favorite chair. Adjust your lights, shades, temperature and check on your alarm system or security cameras without getting out of bed. The comfort and convenience of the ultimate technology lifestyle can be yours. The possibilities are endless, whatever you can imagine Crestron can do. Position Summary: As a senior member on the system team, you will be responsible for driving the existing product into the next generation of design and feature set. There is a lot of opportunity on this team for the right person to bring consistency, robustness, scalability, and vision to this product. We are looking for clear minded visionaries to ensure a dependable and consistent user experience while keeping up with a large quantity of incoming market demands. EOE/M/F/D/V Skills and Education Requirements: Skill Requirements: High energy, self-motivated, ambitious, and flexible. 5+ years’ experience in Windows applications using C#.NET 5+ years’ experience developing a multi-threaded Windows thick-client application 5+ years of commercial software development, proficient in developing multi-tier solutions BS degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or equivalent Demonstrable proficiency with object oriented design, patterns, and development Excellent communication skills (verbal and written), good interpersonal skills, ability to gather and understand requirements Strong debugging and diagnostic skills Demonstrable knowledge of software development processes and coding techniques Experience working with devices, firmware, or communication protocols is a plus Other Duties as assigned Must be eligible to work in the US without sponsorship. Please note only applicants who meet the requirements listed in this ad will be considered. 	Sr. Software Engineer	Crestron Electronics	Rockleigh	NJ	Rockleigh, NJ	Crestron Electronics	Wed, 09 Sep 2015 10:06:12 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=1aed953247d6ec79&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1zl0lh2q94UkhutpBbFIsdJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kem1r8511jd7a
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Are you a Senior Software Engineer with full stack experience that wants to flip the education system on its head Are you a Senior Python Developer who wants to build digital tools to transform education Are you a Full stack Python Engineer who wants to be the second member of a top notch engineering team If so, read on. Funded by Andreessen Horowitz and Founders Fund, this innovative startup is changing education and tailoring it to each child’s needs. By keeping class sizes small and adapting to the needs to students and their families, this startup is introducing a new way for student to learn in a customized setting. The engineering team is looking for its second member to join and tackle the ever-changing landscape of education. What You’ll Be Doing: Writing design documents, basic wireframes and diagrams Story-boarding and/or writing case studies Testing hypotheses and invalidating assumptions by participating in user studies Creating working proof-of-concept prototypes Creating milestones, time-boxing them, communicating progress to key stakeholders Architecting scalable and reliable systems, including planning for failure through redundancy Analysis of algorithm runtime and space, Big-O notation Planning and writing unit, functional, and integration tests Deploying your systems both in staging and production Implementing basic monitoring and health checks Doing light relational database administration, such as performing migrations, creating indices in response to slow queries, and contributing normalized schemas Load-testing, profiling, and debugging your code Performing code review for peers Triaging your bug queue What You Need: An undergraduate degree in Computer Science or a related discipline required Experience writing web-based applications Experience with Javascript Experience with relational databases Experience with Linux Experience with a version control system Strong written and verbal communication skills Experience leading small teams Experience with Ubuntu, and/or Amazon Web Services Experience with RESTful architectures Experience with Python Experience with Ember, Angular, and/or Backbone Experience with git, or GitHub Experience with DevOps management software such as Salt, Puppet, or Chef What You Get: Disrupt the educational space Work with world class engineers from Google Free lunch and snacks Friday happy hours Comprehensive medical, dental, and vision benefits 401 (k) with matching Fitness stipend Custom workstation Tuition credit for children of employees Generous vacation, leave policies So, if you are a Senior Software Engineer with extensive Python experience interested in changing the educational landscape, apply today. Interviews are being scheduled immediately. Candidates must be authorized to work for any employer in the US and must currently live in the US, preferably in the New York area.	Senior Software Engineer – Python – Startup Founded by Ex-Googlers	FILD	New York	NY	New York, NY	FILD	Sat, 10 Oct 2015 09:13:14 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=c363c9a61d176179&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1zl0lh2q94UkhutpBbFIsdJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kem1r8511jd7a
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Are you looking for a challenge? If you've got your technical chops down and are looking to do more, SeedInvest is seeking a Software Engineer to join our team in Manhattan, New York to help change the way startups raise capital and investors invest online. SeedInvest has been featured in leading publications such as Forbes, Fortune, WSJ, CNN Money, The New York Times, Entrepreneur, Inc., TechCrunch, Mashable and VentureBeat and was recently noted for being the first US platform to successfully publicly crowdfund itself in a $4.2 million Series A financing. We were recently featured in Mad Money as well as other news outlets and you can see the clip here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mXNRcBk9CQY . As a part of that, we also got some nice stock footage on our team and office which you can see here ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q2JqGhB_cbo ). This is a salaried full-time position ($100k to $150k) with equity compensation (0.15 - 0.3%). We are looking for someone with... Smarts! The ability to have fun with their work and try new things A desire to take ownership of work A desire to make product decisions An inexplicable love for well-designed products Drive and a thirst to learn Great interpersonal skills A passion for entrepreneurship &amp; equity crowdfunding You'll be asked to be (or become) very, very good at: JQuery / AngularJS Django / Python PostgreSQL / Nginx / AWS Extra credit Front-end skills Experience with web design is a huge plus Prior experience with a startup Mobile development experience About Us: SeedInvest is a well-funded, leading equity crowdfunding platform that connects accredited investors to high-quality startups. SeedInvest provides investors with insider access to highly ­vetted startup investment opportunities and makes investing in startups as easy as buying a share of stock. Since launching in 2013, SeedInvest has attracted thousands of investors who are collectively looking to invest over $500 million in startups.	Senior Software Engineer	SeedInvest	New York	NY	New York, NY	SeedInvest	Thu, 06 Aug 2015 21:07:05 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=874e9b064bb4ed2d&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1zl0lh2q94UkhutpBbFIsdJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kem1r8511jd7a
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Plated is at the forefront of culinary subscription, and we’re hiring a Senior Software Engineer to join us on our quest to help people eat and live better! We've been growing steadily since our start and are continuing to expand. This position will provide the perfect opportunity for an experienced engineer to contribute to an exciting, growing startup. At Plated, you'll help us leverage technology to make healthier and tastier eating part of everyday living. Our development environment ensures that our engineers are in touch with the interesting problems that they are solving. Our technology stack, including our own proprietary software, makes it possible to get fresh, high-quality perishable food from local sources to tables in a more efficient way than ever before. What you’ll do: Collaborate with talented designers, product managers, and fellow engineers in a data-driven environment Design and implement multi-client APIs Develop, ship and maintain existing features by writing methodical, maintainable code Contribute in the migration of key features into a microservice architecture Participate in the recruiting process What you need: 4+ years of professional full-stack or backend development experience* Thorough understanding of Ruby on Rails Professional development experience on at least one mobile product Passion for readable, well-designed and well-tested code Experience in an Agile development process Experience with cloud infrastructure services Strong written and verbal communication skills, particularly the ability to articulate and communicate roadblocks early in the development process Ability to work well on a highly collaborative and cross-functional team Bonuses: Professional experience creating APIs for mobile clients Professional experience in Swift or Objective-C Experience with DevOps We value your interest. All applications will be kept confidential and will receive a response. Want to learn more about us or our tech stack? Check out our profiles on The Muse and StackOverflow! This is a senior role. If your of experience is mostly academic or independent in nature (not from professional team employment), you may instead qualify for a junior or midlevel role at Plated. If one is not posted now, check back monthly so you don't miss out. Thanks! Note to Search Firms: The appropriate point of contact for any engineering or product team placement pitch is Juliette Dupre, Senior Technical Recruiter, reachable through LinkedIn. DO NOT email our staff members regarding your services. Please read the parameters of each position thoroughly and only present on-point candidates. Plated will not owe a fee for any candidate presented without a contract in place. More About Plated There are so many reasons to join Plated! We have one simple belief: In order to live better, you must eat better. We make it possible for consumers to cook fresh, quick and fantastic meals at home. We launched in 2012 and have been blown away by customer response since then. We want to bring even more wonderful people, like you, onto our team to continue redefining the way people think about food. What's Plated like? We are an energetic, creative group that loves to laugh. We're a friendly place, where you will feel welcome and valued! We are using technology to fix the most broken market in the world. If you love problem solving in action, there is no better environment. Our office is open floor-plan with plenty of comfy collaborative spaces, beautifully situated in one of the loveliest Manhattan neighborhoods. Everyone has a voice. You'll be encouraged to contribute ideas that you have both in and outside of your team. The growth potential for your career here is awesome! Our engineers enjoy ideal opportunities for training and promotion within the company. Plated is run on integrity. Our company values are not lip service, we incorporate them into everything we do. What are your rewards, benefits &amp; perks? This list is expanding all the time! The best part, you'll enjoy a free box of Plated meals weekly plus daily in-office free snack noms, test kitchen samples, bi-weekly company events &amp; bonding, and even a monthly book club with great food &amp; conversation We recognize the value of our developers and offer competitive compensation, plus stock options , based on level and depth of experience. You'll have unlimited vacation days with a "get your work done" policy that respects your time. We offer insurance contributions to your premiums at 80% for medical and 50% of both dental and vision. We also have an annual education stipend for your career development, and the right environment to grow your career internally. There’s even more to come - we are growing our benefits offerings as we speak! 	Senior Software Engineer, Mobile & Web	Plated	New York	NY	New York, NY	Plated	Wed, 02 Sep 2015 22:24:44 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=c1f2028a5d9c4e6d&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1zl0lh2q94UkhutpBbFIsdJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kem1r8511jd7a
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Responsibilities Ability to design and develop high-performance, highly-scalable, API systems Design and optimize data models and queries in both SQL and NoSQL data stores Work with others to solve problems and collaborate on designs Desired Skills and Experience 3+ years software engineering experience Scala, Java, and/or Python Experience with APIs and multi-tiered software architectures SQL data stores, preferably MySQL NoSQL data stores such as MongoDB, Memcached, or Hadoop WebSockets, WebRTC a plus 	Senior Software Engineer	ZenoRadio	New York	NY	New York, NY	Zenoradio	Tue, 18 Aug 2015 17:15:48 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=de6a086d2d64ce37&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1zl0lh2q94UkhutpBbFIsdJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kem1r8511jd7a
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Develops and maintains information systems by designing, developing, and installing software solutions. Determines operational feasibility by evaluating, analysis, problem definition, requirements, solution development, and proposed solutions. Documents and demonstrates solutions by producing documentation, flowcharts, layouts, diagrams, charts, code comments and clear code. Prepares and installs solutions by determining and designing system specifications, standards, and programming. Improves operations by conducting systems analysis; recommending changes in policies and procedures. Obtains required information from vendors; recommends purchases; tests and approves potential products. Updates job knowledge by studying state-of-the-art development tools, programming techniques, and computing equipment; participating in educational opportunities; reading professional publications; maintaining personal networks; participating in professional organizations. Protects operations by keeping information confidential. Provides information by collecting, analyzing, and summarizing development and service issues. Develops software solutions by studying information needs; conferring with users; studying systems flow, data usage, and work processes; investigating problem areas; following the software development lifecycle. REQUIREMENTS: Skills / Attributes Required Six (+) years experience as a developer Three (+) years experience with ASP.NET/VB.NET. Three (+) years working with SQL Server 2008. Solid understanding of object-oriented programming (OOP). Deep knowledge of the .NET 3.5/4.0 Framework, including Visual Studio 2010, C#, VB.NET, ASP.NET, MVC, ASMX and WCF Web Services, ADO.NET, and SharePoint Strong knowledge of software implementation best practices. Strong experience designing and working with n-tier architectures (UI, Business Logic Layer, Data Access Layer) along with some experience with service-oriented architectures (SOA). Ability to design and optimize SQL Server 2008 stored procedures. Experience with JQuery or similar technologies. Ability to adapt quickly to an existing, complex environment. Ability to quickly learn new concepts and software as necessary. Candidate should be a self-motivated, independent, detail oriented, responsible team-player and exhibit exceptional relationship management skills. Advanced Crystal Reports, Advanced Sharepoint.	Software Engineer	Robert Half Technology	Piscataway	NJ	Piscataway, NJ	Robert Half Technology	Wed, 07 Oct 2015 15:31:53 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=7c72a7ea273bc90b&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1zl0lh2q94UkhutpBbFIsdJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kem1r8511jd7a
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Signpost is making it easy for small businesses to manage their online presence, convert interested consumers and remarket existing customers. Our cloud-based marketing platform automates the myriad of tasks required to effectively market a small business online, freeing owners to focus on what they do best. Our engineering team is growing rapidly and we’re looking for our next generation of technical leaders. Our culture is collaborative and emphasizes continuous improvement of ourselves, our systems, and our organization. If you’re ready to join an outstanding and passionate team of engineers - not hackers - at a fast-moving startup where you can learn, grow, and have real technical ownership, you’ve come to the right place. As a senior engineer, you’ll be working on extending, improving and scaling systems and applications built primarily in Node.js. While we’re not expecting you to be a Node expert when you walk in the door, we will expect you to: Work closely with product managers to define, scope, refine and drive the implementation of new features from conception to release Assist, lead and mentor junior engineers, making sure to be an available resource and play an active role in their professional development Perform diligent, timely code reviews for your peers and subordinates, while taking their feedback as an opportunity to learn and improve Architect systems for fault-tolerance, correctness, security and availability Participate in our interview process to select and attract outstanding talent Help engineering leadership to constantly improve Exemplify our culture of technical excellence You should: ----------- Have well-honed technical problem solving and analytical skills Be proficient in several high-level languages like Python, Ruby, Java, or C++ Have a strong command of CS fundamentals - even if you don’t use it every day Be able to articulate technical concepts clearly and concisely Have a solid mastery of software engineering tools and best practices Thoroughly understand persistence and networking concepts and technologies Have a deep mistrust of code without adequate test coverage Appreciate agility and pragmatism in software development 	Senior Software Engineer	Signpost	New York	NY	New York, NY	Signpost	Tue, 18 Aug 2015 22:48:45 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=3f69637136a94c1e&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1zl0lh2q94UkhutpBbFIsdJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kem1r8511jd7a
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Duties: Embedded Software Engineer with 5+ years of experience in design of real-time software for digital communications and/or signal processing applications. Job skills include: Direct experience with code development for ARM Cortex under Linux and/or Texas Instruments C6x processors Proficiency in C language Understanding of RTOS operation Experience in the SW integration with platform SDK Good communications skills and comfortable with working directly with the customer Requirements: The ideal candidate should have an understanding of: Signal processing building blocks such as digital filters FFT and math functions Fixed-point arithmetic Communication theory Debugging and test of real-time systems Candidates should hold a BSCS/BSEE degree, Masters a plus.	Embedded Software Engineer	iBiquity Digital	Piscataway	NJ	Piscataway, NJ	StartUpHire	Fri, 06 Nov 2015 11:04:33 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=82e499de80799c28&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1zl0lh2q94UkhutpBbFIsdJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kem1r8511jd7a
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Nomi helps businesses deliver the best possible in-store experience by offering solutions for brick-and-mortar analytics. We provide comprehensive enterprise-grade interior analytics and proximity marketing in a single platform. Our customers use our platform to measure traffic, analyze shopper behavior, and optimize the in-store experience. To date we've installed over 150,000 sensors, cameras, and beacons that collect over 6 billion data points every month. We believe building a strong engineering culture is the key to building a great company and product. Part of that vision is working with the best tools, many of which are open source. We consider ourselves language and framework agnostic and strive to use the best tool for the job. Our core platform is comprised of Python, Java, Ruby, Apache Storm, Hadoop, PostgreSQL, MongoDB, Hbase, Tornado, Kafka, sinatra, redis, AWS, and ReactJS. We empower our engineers to drive the direction and implementation of projects through prototype development and a collaborative RFC process. Code is automatically tested with our build system and then reviewed by your peers to ensure high code quality, coding standards, and continued learning. We consider continued learning important and encourage the team to present interesting projects and teach relevant topics during "lunch and learn" sessions. Our team loves to build, hack, and solve hard problems. You should as well. We are looking for well-rounded software engineers to join our talented development team. You will build high-performance RESTful web services and micro-services, design high performance database schemas and queries, work on our reporting infrastructure, influence architecture decisions, and scale our technology stack. You'll bring new methodologies to our development process and have an important say in how we design our platform. Requirements BS/MS in Computer Science or equivalent Fluency in at least one interpreted programming language (Python or Ruby preferred) PostgreSQL (and knowing when PostgreSQL isn’t the right solution) Experience with cluster or cloud computing (AWS preferred) Demonstrated expertise in problem solving and technical innovation Experience with web infrastructure, distributed systems and performance analysis Scaling (architecture/code/databases) Entrepreneurial spirit and a preoccupation with staying on top of industry technology Benefits Stock options. Competitive salary Medical/dental/vision coverage Engineering lunch and learns Well funded by top tier venture firms Hard technical and business challenges Ping pong, game nights, and a fun office environment Friday catered lunch and plenty of snacks and drinks for the rest of the week 	Backend Software Engineer	Nomi	New York	NY	New York, NY	Nomi	Wed, 19 Aug 2015 06:24:46 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=708d1dcc92062e71&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0ZGMBhSddwYBRN_DHcgt_BJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kem7eh19t530e
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Accountable for performing the testing and quality assurance of business applications within Information Technology. Serve as “internal auditor” of Revlon’s Application Development process, methodology, and technical standards; ensuring compliance before allowing new development into production. Provide timely status updates to Director, AQA and the PMO/Project Team on testing progress. Serves as an influential contributor to documentation and process standards to help direct the activities of the AQA team as a whole. Fulfills departmental requirements in terms of providing work coverage and administrative notification during periods of personnel illness, vacation, education, etc. Ability to work minimial supervision Responsible for functional, regression, performance, automation, acceptance, integration, and other testing of business applications Provides or directs verification and validation of software system requirements, traceability, and testability Testing to include executing the newly constructed applications, as well as existing applications requiring business-mandated changes against a set of test scenarios, scripts and data, and reviewing the application to ensure that existing standards were followed. Act as team lead/mentor in the area of Quality Assurance by leading teammates/testing consultants through the testing, automation, SDLC and Change Control process while guiding others where appropriate. Act as a key contributor and influencer of technical Quality Assurance standards. Responsible for ensuring that technical design and construction of test automation are based on industry standards. Responsible for testing and guiding other testers through System Development Life Cycle (SDLC) methodology and Project Management process. Works closely with IM Project Management Office (PMO) and Business Liaison teams to ensure that the testing work is scheduled according to priorities agreed upon with our business partners. He/she is responsible for ensuring the completion of work according to schedule. Remain aware of the latest developments and trends in the technology marketplace with respect to application development, with a particular focus on testing techniques, tools and methodologies. Research and make recommendations on tool and technique adoption based upon the requirements of environment. Ensures project and process control documentation is compliant with requirements, objectives and/or contracts Define appropriate measures to ensure product quality Business and Customer Service Focused – Understands problems and opportunities from a business perspective. Strong sense of urgency, highly responsive. Change Agent – Coordinate systems implementations and communication planning using formalized Change Management policies &amp; procedures, CMMI (Capability Maturity Model Integration) and SDLC (Soft Development LifeCycle methodologies). Problem Solver – Strong track record of leveraging existing systems to solve new problems, streamlining processes and identifying well-integrated, practical new solutions to improve system performance and efficiency. Strong verbal and written communication skills – Ability to translate technical details and complex concepts to Management and Business customers using practical, simple to understand language Self-motivated and accountable – A track record of being self-sustaining and actively seeking out new opportunities and taking accountability for actions. Researches new technologies and keeps abreast of trends in technology and technology related processes A team player and guide – A focus on being a core member of the team who guides others to rise to their potential in leading to the success of the team as a whole. Technical – Advanced knowledge of: Microsoft Office suite, MS-SQL Server 2013, HP QTP/UFT (Unified Functional Test), TFS (Team Foundation Server), Visual Studio 2012/2013, Sharepoint 2012/2013, HP LoadRunner. Plus: JMeter, SiteCore, DMZ, Cloud Computing, SAP ECC Bachelor degree, preferably in computer science or related field, or equivalent business experience. Minimum Years Experience Required: 10 years	Sr, Software QA Engineer	Revlon	Edison	NJ	Edison, NJ	Revlon	Tue, 29 Sep 2015 19:22:20 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=55a3bab32f781c7b&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0ZGMBhSddwYBRN_DHcgt_BJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kem7eh19t530e
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	We are looking for a talented Java Software Engineer to help design, develop and improve new and existing conversational agents and natural language integration systems. The responsibilities are: Extending the functionality of conversational agents Evaluating, researching and implementing development tools and techniques Creating workflow designs Building dynamic applications with Java / J2EE What You Need for This Position 2+ years building dynamic applications on Java stack Experience in application development using J2EE, Spring, AJAX, JSP, JBoss, jQuery Jersey and Guice experience are a plus Experience with Web Services using REST and SOAP Experience designing business rules engines and work-flow models Ability to write use cases SQL and PL/SQL Experience Experience with Artificial Intelligence and Natural Language Understanding is highly preferred Bachelors or Masters degree in Computer Science or related We welcome your cover letter with a description of a challenging project you worked on, salary history and resume. Send to careers@kasisto.com .	Java Software Engineer – AI Reasoning	Kasisto	New York	NY	New York, NY	Kasisto	Fri, 07 Aug 2015 02:57:44 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=3452c114993a6666&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0ZGMBhSddwYBRN_DHcgt_BJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kem7eh19t530e
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Principal Duties and Essential Responsibilities Responsible for required software design Contribute to or lead design reviews for their specific project Contribute to System Test Case Rev Contribute to Functional Testing Produce and use metrics to continuously improve the process of building software and the associated artifacts Engages in limited research activities through the investigation new technologies to improve the product line Help ensure the quality and completeness of team deliverables Help analyze and provide fixes to product issues reported by customers in the field. Operates under minimal supervision and is capable of independent action. Serve as a subject matter expert in specialized areas of technology and product functions. Additional Qualifications 5+ years of software development experience with expertise in the following areas Windows applicationsservices development (Windows 2008, 7, 8) C, .NET, IIS, web services GUI development with WPF SQL Server database development Strong organizational, time management, project leadership skills. Good written and verbal communication skills. Ability to work in a collaborative team environment. Ability to prioritize personal tasks and communicate tasks across team boundaries. Ability to conduct unit and integration testing. Ability to perform root cause analysis on encountered problems and bring problems to closure. Ability to troubleshoot and debug product issues reported from the field Solid understanding with Agile and or software development methodologies, along with demonstrated experience in all phases of the software development lifecycle. Experience in fault-tolerant, or highly - available, distributed systems. Experience in Object Oriented analysis and design. General understanding and proven real-world design experience with operating system fundamentals (multi- processing, multi-threading, inter - process communication, disk IO, network IO, memory allocation, etc.). Proven ability to develop multithread server side code. Preferred Requirements Experience with enterprise software development projects. Experience and knowledge in multimedia rendering technology. Programming experience with real- Knowledge in telecom or VOIP technology. Experience with Java or C++. Experience in developing applications in IOS. Expertise in software tuning tools WIX based MSI. Education, Experience Skills BSBA in Computer Science, Mathematics, Engineering, or related fields Vivek Suvarna 770-326-9933 Ext 504 vsuvarnasapeare.com mailtovsuvarnasapeare.com C#.net, GUI development with WPF, VOIP, SQL Server	Software Engineer	Charter Global, Inc.	Lyndhurst	NJ	Lyndhurst, NJ	Dice	Tue, 13 Oct 2015 23:52:51 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=454089b9d3047a8b&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0ZGMBhSddwYBRN_DHcgt_BJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kem7eh19t530e
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Design, develop, test, implement, integrate and customize business intelligence (BI) software applications and software systems, using OBIEE, Oracle, SQL server and PL/SQL; Design enterprise data warehouses with ETL (extraction, transformation and loading); Develop schema objects, public objects, reports and dashboards in OBIEE; Develop architecture, perform technical analysis and design for mobile applications and dashboards; Provide functional and analytical review; Assure that application design an implementation are consistent with technology strategy; Assist in devising unit test plans; Provide production support for software systems; Act as liaison with offshore development team. This professional position requires at least a bachelor’s degree (or foreign equivalent evaluated by a US credentialing service) in computer science or a related field and experience as a software engineer, software developer or software architect. The position also requires experience in ETL, BI software applications, OBIEE, Oracle and SQL server. Location: Parsippany-Troy Hills, NJ Academic Qualification(s): Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science	Software Engineer	Visionet Systems	Troy Hills	NJ	Troy Hills, NJ	Visionet Systems	Sun, 06 Sep 2015 06:34:08 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=422e3860512b1d7b&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0ZGMBhSddwYBRN_DHcgt_BJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kem7eh19t530e
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	As an Engineer in Data Science you will be instrumental in defining, driving and extending the vision for Whitepages data. You will help us identify new ways to improve the value of our data by improving its freshness, accuracy, breadth, and depth. Together we will find new data sources and explore ways to develop and deliver exciting insights for our users. You will be building the infrastructure that allows us to deliver data to our applications reliably, accurately, and at scale. Be part of a team that’s truly passionate about Data Science and Engineering Work at massive scales with exciting technologies: Scala, Akka, Titan, MapReduce Build real software that supports more than 50M unique monthly users To succeed in this Software Engineering role you will have strong skills coding in multiple object-oriented and/or functional languages like Java , Scala, and Ruby . You will have a Computer Science or related degree and commercial experience working as a software developer, preferably in a small-company agile environment on large-scale or big data platforms. You will be able to express your passion for and understanding of effective engineering, modeling, and analysis practices. Our ideal engineer will have worked for at least two years with technologies like Scala and Akka, MapReduce and Pig, SQL, NoSQL and graph databases , and will have demonstrated interest in Big Data, Machine Learning and Data Mining . In return, Whitepages offers you a truly unique and exciting opportunity to do meaningful work in Scala and Ruby using a combination of SQL and NoSQL data stores to solve entity resolution and data mining problems . You will build real software operating at massive scale to produce insights that affect millions of users every single day. How many people can say that?! APPLY NOW so we can start a conversation! This role is based in our NYC office. Whitepages is the leading source for contact information in North America and is at the forefront of developing services that help people find, understand and verify personal and business identities in an ever-changing digital world. Whitepages is committed to empowering users with control, safeguarding the accuracy and authenticity of digital identities, and advancing transparency. With over 55 million unique monthly users, Whitepages offers access to more than 200 million personal identities and provides users with the ability to control their own. Whitepages also operates Whitepages Pro, an API and web-based service, which helps businesses verify the identities of their customers. To learn more about Whitepages Pro visit pro.whitepages.com. We have strong company values and culture and would love to share why ours is an opportunity worth considering. We appreciate and respect diversity, and are an equal opportunity employer.	Software Engineer	Whitepages	New York	NY	New York, NY	Whitepages	Wed, 05 Aug 2015 02:37:13 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=44045d3903d0693c&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0ZGMBhSddwYBRN_DHcgt_BJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kem7eh19t530e
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	WHAT WE DO Our engineers are involved in all parts of the product lifecycle: idea generation, design, prototyping, planning, execution, and shipping. Our work starts with brainstorming to discover, explore, and understand our customer’s greatest challenges in the visual and technical spaces. Then we code. A lot. Finally, we ship and continuously iterate on products that have a direct impact on the world’s hardest problems. OUR WORK Palantir makes products for human-driven analysis of real-world data. These products must handle messy data at enormous scales, all while maintaining an intuitive user experience and a wide range of analytic capabilities. Our software engineers push the boundaries of what’s possible. We have: Built a web-based mapping interface that handles millions of data points dynamically displayed at once. Constructed an analysis platform on top of a columnar database and custom infrastructure that allows complex numerical analysis at the petabyte scale. Created AtlasDB, which provides high-scale, reliable data storage for Palantir products. This NoSQL distributed data store adds a transactional layer that gives the whole system ACID properties. Developed a WYSIWYG web app for quickly creating interactive, data-driven web sites. And much, much more: mobile, infrastructure, search, client facing, etc. TECHNOLOGIES WE USE Java for back-end work Javascript, CoffeeScript, and TypeScript for client and server web work Open source technologies such as Cassandra, Spark, ElasticSearch, etc The latest web technologies Internal frameworks for our rapid iteration tools WHAT WE LOOK FOR You’re a strong coder. Regardless of which language you use or how you learned it, we’re looking for people who can write clean, effective code. You enjoy collaboration with others. Our work isn’t carried out in a vacuum, and everyone contributes to get the job done. You understand that making mistakes means you’re learning. You have a constant desire to grow and develop. You are passionate about product craftsmanship, and care about great design not only in products and their visual presentation, but in your code and technical architecture as well. You are comfortable in a high-paced environment, and can respond to urgent requests. You want to work on things that make an impact on the world. Apply for this Position	Software Engineer	Palantir Technologies	New York	NY	New York, NY	Palantir Technologies	Fri, 31 Jul 2015 19:54:14 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=6ac1cbe665dcb331&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0ZGMBhSddwYBRN_DHcgt_BJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kem7eh19t530e
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Requisition No.: 114087BR Subsidiary: eBay Primary Job Responsibilities: Disclaimer: Please note that this is a talent pool posting, you are not actually applying for a position. This is a general description, qualifications, and skills required for positions of this type of role. An eBay Software Development Engineer will have a unique opportunity to develop the world’s most innovative products for our MarketPlace and tackle the challenges of scale unlike at any other company. They will partner with other brilliant teammates to bring forth products and features that will exceed eBay’s growing global customers.Our Product Development Team is masterfully juggling a variety of cutting edge features across our ebay.com marketplace to enlighten our customer’s experience. Our team is developing tools to empower our sellers and to enable our buyers to find the best deals worldwide. They like to push the boundaries of what is technically capable, stay current by re-architecting and rebuilding products with the latest technologies, and make an impact for over 155 Million active customers.Responsibilities: Own the design and development of their team’s product and features.Spends most of the time developing code, and efficiently produces elegant, clean code with no unnecessary complication or abstractionParticipate in architecture discussions, proposes and discuss solutions to system and product changes that are directly related to their area of focus.Work closely with direct team members as well as other eBay teams to integrate and release productsContinuously innovate through frequent product iterations (Agile/Scrum set up) Job Requirements: Must Have - Solid foundation in computer science with strong competencies in object oriented design, design patterns, data structures, and algorithms. Outstanding coding skills in Java, SQL, and Web Services. Demonstrated ability to understand the business and ability to contribute to technology direction that contributes to measurable business improvements Strong communication, problem analysis/resolution skills Must be proactive, self-directed, detailed and organized The ability to have fun while you innovate Pluses - Production development experience with data mining, machine learning, highly scalable distributed systems, mapreduce, Hadoop, big data concepts, Cassandra, HBase, multi-threaded processing, or massive RESTful environments. Last Updated: 04/21/2015	Software Development Engineer	eBay	New York	NY	New York, NY	Ebay	Thu, 20 Aug 2015 10:59:01 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=a50d1b4ba7149227&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0ZGMBhSddwYBRN_DHcgt_BJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kem7eh19t530e
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Knewton is an education startup funded by high-profile investors including Peter Thiel and Reid Hoffman. Located in the heart of Manhattan in the Union Square area, Knewton is building the world's most powerful adaptive learning engine, with the goal of making personalized and engaging education available to all. Knewton has been recognized as a Technology Pioneer for 2011 by the World Economic Forum in Davos and one of the top 25 best places to work by Crain’s New York Business. You’ll be coding the core algorithms, models, and services that drive the Knewton Adaptive Learning Platform, the thing that generates the spot-on, highly-personalized educational recommendations that maximize each student’s probability of success. Want to use tons of data to help figure out what students know, how they learn best, and how to help them learn more efficiently and effectively? If so, this job’s for you! This is an outstanding opportunity to: Work with and learn from the world's best engineers and data scientists Contribute to key engineering decisions regarding technical direction of team Quickly build world class consumer facing products THAT SEE DAYLIGHT Become an industry luminary – we are open sourcing our projects/codebase Engineers must have: A track record of writing high-quality, elegant code A willingness to learn and use Python and Java The potential and desire to rise into positions of technical leadership A passion for transforming education Not required but highly desired are: Experience with the Java Virtual Machine (JVM) Experience in machine learning and data mining, and with the R statistical package Familiarity with Amazon Web Services (AWS) and Unix Experience with open-source technologies Experience with big data processing using NoSQL techniques like Cassandra, Hadoop, Hive Perks include: Competitive salary and stock options As much paid vacation as you need to take Flexible hours High-quality equipment (default setup: a Mac laptop with a giant monitor) The opportunity to use cutting-edge machine learning and engineering techniques to transform and democratize education	Software Engineer	Knewton	New York	NY	New York, NY	Bessemer Venture Partners	Fri, 31 Jul 2015 15:44:16 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=d38a5549865303ef&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0ZGMBhSddwYBRN_DHcgt_BJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kem7eh19t530e
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	We are currently recruiting for full-time (direct hire) core engineering roles, at top companies in New York City (NYC) area. Some of our current and potential clients include Apple, Bloomberg, BNY Mellon, Duolingo, eBay, Google, Intuit, Microsoft, Tesla, Visa, VMWare as well as other fast-growing startups. When you apply, we will send you technical questions on Data Structures, Algorithms and Software Design. That is a gateway to the high performing companies. If you need to sharpen your computer science skills, we can also refer you to http://InterviewKickstart.com - a best-in-class online program. If you get placed with us, we will reimburse 100% of the tuition fees. Experience : 2 to 25 years of software engineering experience (Multiple positions) Language skills : Fluency in Java, Or C/C++, Or similar object-oriented stack. Experience in Object-oriented JavaScript, AJAX, HTML, CSS, and UI Frameworks such as XUL, Flex, XAML. Education : A CS degree is a plus, but your skills matter more. A Good Engineer LLC., is laser-focused in what it says in its name viz. matching good engineers with their dream companies. Job Type: Full-time Required experience: Front-end Software Development (2 - 25 Yrs): 2 years Required education: Bachelor's 	Front-end Sr/ Software Engineer ($125k – 250k)	A Good Engineer	New York	NY	New York, NY	Indeed	Tue, 29 Sep 2015 23:10:49 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=4954832f8c520147&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0ZGMBhSddwYBRN_DHcgt_BJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kem7eh19t530e
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Entry Level C++ Linux Programmer, New York City, NY New York NY Jobs, Entry Level C++ Linux Programmer, C/C++, Linux Administration, Financial, New York Recruiters, Information Technology Jobs, IT 	Entry Level C++ Software Engineer	Next Step Systems	New York	NY	New York, NY	Next Step Systems	Thu, 24 Sep 2015 07:38:52 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=6d44edceacc8e370&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0ZGMBhSddwYBRN_DHcgt_BJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kem7eh19t530e
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Uniquely positioned to lead the way in the exciting HealthTech industry, Weight Watchers uses modern Lean and Agile practices as well as best of breed Engineering practices to deliver leading consumer focused products. Weight Watchers places a major emphasis on mobile and digital solutions to help our members reach their goals. This includes integrating with technologies such as Fitbit &amp; iOS Health, as well as building custom, intuitive products to serve our millions of members.As we rebuild many of our core experiences, we are seeking talented people who are excited to join our team. This is a rare opportunity to join a company embracing a modern Technology culture, where you will have the ability to improve peoples lives in a very meaningful way and have a major impact on Weight Watchers offerings to our members. As reliance on health and wellness awareness increases, you can be be part of the team that is leading the way. Senior Scala Software Engineer We’re hiring a core team that will build a new product technology platform from the ground up. The new platform will be a vital part of the company’s transformation and its reimagined product offering. From technology selection and architecture to team structure and processes, the core team will take on the challenge of building a new Micro Service Architecture that will power Weight Watchers over the coming years. What you will do: Design and build new core micro services that will power our products and partner integrations. Build Restful and Asynchronous Endpoints. Design and build persistent solutions using NoSQL technologies such as Cassandra. Design and build caching solutions. Integrate with downstream systems using messaging platforms such as RabbitMQ. Build/Integrate with LDAP/OpenAM and enable secure integration with Oauth. Build services that have been designed with Big Data in mind from the ground up, enabling powerful data mining. Use AWS and Rackspace cloud infrastructure Build unit and integration tests. Using modern CI/CD techniques, you will ship product very regularly. You should have: Experience programming in Scala with exposure to the most well known frameworks such as Akka, Play, SBT Experience building non-blocking asynchronous systems Experience / Exposure building services that fit Micro Systems Architecture Experience with web services API technologies (Rest, JSON, XML). Experience working with NoSQL data storage solutions preferably Cassandra. Experience with Enterprise Integration and tools like Mule, RabbitMQ or Kafka. Experience integrating with LDAP and other Authentication and Authorization modules. Experience with Node and JavaScript is an advantage. Experience integrating with CMS an advantage. Understanding of Big Data technologies such as Spark, EMR, and Tableau is an advantage Understanding of cloud technologies such as AWS and RackSpace. Proficient understanding of code versioning tools such as GIT, SVN etc. Ability to understand requirements and map to technical implementation. Solid foundation in data structures, algorithms, FP and OO Design. Experience working in an Agile &amp; Lean, customer centric environment Strong track record of shipping products. Must have excellent oral and written communication skills. Bachelors degree in Computer Science or equivalent. We hire only the best people. Here are the benefits to being top-notch: The opportunity to work with some of the best innovators in the industry Generous healthcare coverage. 401(K) with company match. Paid Time Off Paid parental leave Tuition reimbursement Wellness allowance Profit Sharing Plus, the resources to locate services including child care, legal services, pet care and more Weight Watchers is an equal opportunity employer. Weight Watchers does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, creed, national origin, marital status, age, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, veteran status, or disability.	Senior Scala Software Engineer	Weight Watchers International	New York	NY	New York, NY	Weight Watchers International	Sat, 22 Aug 2015 05:28:10 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=0a5c072242a60c02&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0ZGMBhSddwYBRN_DHcgt_BJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kem7eh19t530e
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	A Long Island-based service organization is actively seeking a qualified IT professional for a rewarding opportunity on their staff as a Software Reporting Engineer. In this role, the Software Reporting Engineer will provide production support and maintain and enhance the company's Java/Unix Transaction Processing Merchant Accounting and Reconciliation system. COMPANY DESCRIPTION Service Organization JOB DESCRIPTION The Software Reporting Engineer will: Design, implement and test new Application Reports on Business Objects Crystal Server using best practices Provide production support, maintain and enhance existing Crystal Server reports Enhance and Maintain ETL scripts Work with Operations staff to identify and fix real time issues Perform other duties and special projects as assigned REQUIRED SKILLS 3+ years of SQL experience 3-5 years of hands-on experience creating reports on Business Objects Crystal Server Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science Experience with Shell Scripts and Perl Object-oriented design and implementation skills Quick learner with excellent problem-solving skills Good written and verbal communication skills $ Desired Skills MySQL experience Knowledge of credit card industry Strong knowledge of common design patterns Experience in Java 	Software Reporting Engineer	Execu | Search	Long Beach	NY	Long Beach, NY	Execu | Search	Fri, 23 Oct 2015 12:37:32 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=8d9d89d557b5439c&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0ZGMBhSddwYBRN_DHcgt_BJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kem7eh19t530e
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	What do we do? Teachers Pay Teachers (TpT) is the world's first and largest marketplace where teachers buy, sell, and share original educational materials. Our community of over 3 million educators connects and shares knowledge on the site every day, and has generated over $100 million in payouts to educators around the world. If you want to understand us and our community, this Facebook ( https://www.facebook.com/TeachersPayTeachers/posts/10152949983501874 ) post says it all. Why do we do it? At TpT, we believe in the transformative power of teachers. We believe that being a teacher is one of the most vital, most demanding, and most inspired jobs in the world. Teachers spend their lives giving. Our mission at TpT is to empower teachers to empower each other. Who are we looking for? Do you remember your most transformative moment with a teacher? Keep it with you. At TpT, our values reflect our mission to empower teachers and help them fulfill their transformative potential. We modeled our company culture on the virtues of our community of teachers. We’re building a team of deeply good people doing great things. We like to listen to and challenge each other. We love to learn and move fast. We also believe that productivity is never an accident. It’s the result of a commitment to excellence, intelligent planning, and focused effort. TpT Engineering TpT engineering in NYC is a rapidly growing team. You will play a key part of defining our culture and choosing our tool set and be driven by a common goal: to provide an online marketplace where teachers empower other teachers. We value engineers that keep our community in mind every step of the way and we're investing in TpT's infrastructure to make sure it's not only successful, but an absolute joy to work on. This will put us in the best position to pursue new opportunities as they arise. Role As a Software Engineer at TpT, your work has all the possibilities and challenges of any tech company in hyper­ growth. We have a very engaged marketplace, which creates a vital feedback loop with our community of sellers who make their livelihood ( http://www.businessinsider.com/teachers-made-millions-selling-lesson-plans-2013-4 ) on our platform. You’ll be working closely with our product team to uncover opportunities, build new features, and solve bugs - all while load, users, and transactions are increasing. You'll be tackling problems big and small - from HTML emails to internationalizing search. With over a million teachers using the site, there will be plenty of opportunities to get your hands dirty solving hard problems. TpT is looking for self motivated developers who relish the thought of stepping outside their comfort zone, learning a new language, rewriting old code to make it sing, or talking to customers directly. We're an education company and we take that to heart in our engineering culture. If you believe in learning new skills while excelling at your current ones, then TpT is the place for you. Responsibilities Design, build, and manage awesome technology services to support the continued expansion of the TpT marketplace Partner with product management and other teams to imagine, design, develop, test, and launch software applications that wow our community and inspire our peers. Work collaboratively with our current great international engineering team Help build an engineering culture that makes every engineer feel empowered to write their best code every day Blog, speak, and communicate about your experiences engineering at TpT Qualities for a successful candidate: Expert level with a scripting language (PHP, Python or Ruby) Familiar with Javascript Comfortable working across the stack in a fast paced, dynamic environment Be endlessly curious Be iterative in your approach – favoring data over hunches (and yet hunches over unambitious options) 4+ years of experience in web development, preferably with startups Extra Points for: OSS Contributor Experience scaling LAMP stacks Experience with SOA Familiarity with PHP &amp; CakePHP Knowledge of Ed-Tech 	Software Engineer	TeachersPayTeachers	New York	NY	New York, NY	TeachersPayTeachers	Fri, 07 Aug 2015 05:47:28 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=b11a6505ea7767ee&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0ZGMBhSddwYBRN_DHcgt_BJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kem7eh19t530e
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Job Locations US-NY-New York City Category Engineering Travel None Level .. More information about this job: Overview: The Creatives group of MediaMath is responsible for handling, validating and serving client generated display and video based ads. We own the development of systems that support the full creative asset management process across all supply sources, media, and devices. We are seeking to hire outstanding software engineers to join our team. As a Senior Engineer, you will be expected to spend at least 80% of your time writing application code, diagnosing and triaging bugs, and helping to solidify our micro-service based architecture. You will be expected to take a lead in new initiatives; breaking down goals into measurable and meaningful tasks. Responsibilities: Review architecture choices and identify areas for improvement. Assist in rolling out fault tolerant, globally distributed applications. Know what a micro-service is, when to and when not to micro-service and how to identify service level boundaries. Understand when to use technical debt and more importantly how to budget to pay it back. Identify and fix application and system level bottlenecks or single points of failure. Qualifications: 7+ years experience within a professional work environment of which at least 2 must be spent developing distributed systems. Familiarity with a JVM based language strongly preferred, we use Scala, though considerations given to other languages with first-class functions Exposure to automated deploy tools such as Chef, Ansible, etc. Exposure to SQL and NoSQL data stores Experience or familiarity with some form of an Agile development methodology Ability and desire to mentor junior and new hires MediaMath is a global technology company that's leading the movement to revolutionize traditional marketing and empowering marketers to unleash the power of goal-based marketing at scale, transparently across the enterprise. Our platform - TerminalOne Marketing Operating System - handles billions of transactions every hour and hundreds of millions of internet users every day, which means every solution must be built to scale. Our breakthroughs create new marketplaces and solve long-standing problems in an industry that is constantly evolving. Our engineers are building the leading technology platform to power the new digital marketing ecosystem, and we are looking for driven, curious innovators to join our team. In achieving their duties and responsibilities, MediaMath employees embody the Math Values of SPACE: Scalable Innovation, Performance, Accountability, Collaboration, and Empowerment.	Senior Software Engineer, Creatives	MediaMath	New York	NY	New York, NY	StartUpHire	Tue, 20 Oct 2015 09:14:11 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=9792bfe2adddf75c&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0ZGMBhSddwYBRN_DHcgt_BJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kem7eh19t530e
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Job Locations US-NY Category Engineering Travel .. Level .. More information about this job: Overview: This role is for a Senior Software Engineer position within the Campaigns Tribe. The Campaigns Tribe develops and improves the portions of MediaMath's T1 API which relate to marketing campaigns. Recent projects have included designing a delayed-execution API for performing bulk edits; migrating targeting data to make them more generically reusable internally; designing a microservice capable of housing several million rows of taxonomic data. The primary project which Campaigns Tribe API engineers work on is written in the Perl programming language, using Catalyst and Rose::DB as the web framework and ORM, with Postgresql for data persistence. As we transition to a Service Oriented Architecture, new services are being written in Modern Perl, the Go programming language, and/or Scala. This position is a blend of technical team leadership and software development. As a technical lead, you will become an expert in the problem space your team works within. You will regularly meet with your Product Owner to provide technical insight into projects under consideration. You will work with Project Managers to ensure workloads are distributed evenly throughout a sprint across your team. You will understand each story your team is working on, and will ensure that technical debt is accrued strategically and paid down regularly. You will help transition a small monolithic application (150k lines of code + tests) into an orchestrated service-oriented architecture. You will work with technical leads from other teams to ensure project interdependencies are rapidly identified and addressed. Responsibilities: As a senior software engineer, you will: implement new API features and help champion project architectural goals lead engineering planning meetings and actively participate in designing new product features provide direct engineering leadership to teammates through mentoring, pair programming, code reviews, whiteboard design sessions, etc. lead optimization projects for the existing application and SQL code actively participate in and refine an agile software development team Qualifications: For this role, 5+ years prior experience with Perl in an agile software environment is required. Additionally, strong candidates will have many of the following skills: 2+ years experience with another interpreted programming language (eg, Lisp, Ruby, Python, Node) 2+ years experience with advertising technologies or ecommerce 2+ years experience with internationalization, localization, and international business concerns (eg VAT) 5+ years experience with relational databases, in particular Postgresql or MySQL 5+ years experience in writing or using APIs and services experience with SQL beyond basic insert/select/update/delete kindness when providing feedback to other engineers a strong sense of compassion for the end user of your software a strong sense of ownership of software you wrote or which your team owns commitment to sound and robust software development experience with Extreme Programming, pair programming, and/or test-driven development MediaMath is a global technology company that's leading the movement to revolutionize traditional marketing and empowering marketers to unleash the power of goal-based marketing at scale, transparently across the enterprise. Our platform - TerminalOne Marketing Operating System - handles billions of transactions every hour and hundreds of millions of internet users every day, which means every solution must be built to scale. Our breakthroughs create new marketplaces and solve long-standing problems in an industry that is constantly evolving. Our engineers are building the leading technology platform to power the new digital marketing ecosystem, and we are looking for driven, curious innovators to join our team. In achieving their duties and responsibilities, MediaMath employees embody the Math Values of SPACE: Scalable Innovation, Performance, Accountability, Collaboration, and Empowerment.	Senior Software Engineer, API	MediaMath	New York	NY	New York, NY	StartUpHire	Tue, 20 Oct 2015 09:13:55 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=9f09bac89a2d5141&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0ZGMBhSddwYBRN_DHcgt_BJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kem7eh19t530e
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Position: Software Engineer - Python Location: Lake Success, NY Duration: Fulltime/ Permanent Job Description: Must-Have: 3-5 years' work experience Computer Science or related field. 2+ years' experience web development with Python/Django. 2+ years' experience with OOD web technology (any language) 2+ years' experience with OOD web technology (any language) Nice-To-Have: Experience with both UI &amp; backend development including one ORM technology Understanding of Web Services or ESB Experience with Apache, Jboss, or Tomcat Experience w/source control (SVN, Git, Mercurial), IDEs, &amp; defect tracking Innovative approach to development Passion for technology Ability to collaborate within and across teams. Required experience: Python/Django: 2 years 	Software Engineer - Python	INA Solution Inc.	Lake Success	NY	Lake Success, NY	Indeed	Tue, 06 Oct 2015 15:02:29 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=3dcb95b239723382&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0ZGMBhSddwYBRN_DHcgt_BJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kem7eh19t530e
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	At Yodle, we work on a broad range of business initiatives and objectives by leveraging a wide set of technologies and tools. Our tech stack is based on Java, Angular, Play, and Scala. Our custom-built applications are typically deployed as microservices and integrate with technologies such Kafka, Storm, Elasticsearch, MongoDB, and Redis. We have a leading-edge continuous deployment pipeline that leverages Mesos, Docker, Marathon, Puppet, and Bamboo to provide rapid on-demand releases. Our developers, product managers and business representatives work in an agile process to efficiently deliver high value solutions to our small business customers. A great engineer at Yodle should be Interested in solving challenging business problems with elegant software. Well-versed in software engineering principles and system design. A top-notch developer who enjoys building software products and quickly seeing how they work in the real world. Someone who enjoys working on a team of inspired, interesting and super-smart engineers. Excited to contribute in a rapidly growing and successful software company. Beyond that You find passion in helping small businesses compete with the big guys. You’re kind of a data nerd and enjoy tracking and measuring performance to figure out ways to improve (and to find interesting patterns). You know how to have fun while you work. What you’ll do at Yodle Work on everything from backend, user-interface, and content management to messaging, database systems, and web services. You’ll design, code, test and run the systems. Solve complex and challenging business problems with cutting edge technologies. Innovate. We constantly improve our core products and turn a prescient eye to the industry. Explore new technologies and have fun finding the best tools. While Java is our predominant language, we use Scala, JavaScript, Python, and Clojure as well. Some other technologies we tried that stuck: Zookeeper, RabbitMQ, Angular.js, and Git. What you should have for this role Excellent coding and design skills. You make software that works and can be tested and maintained. BA/BS or advanced degree in Computer Science or similar field. 0-4 years experience. SQL proficiency, particularly PostgreSQL, is nice. To Apply Two options: Use the Apply Now button at the top of the page Or to get your resume to the top of the stack, solve one of the problems below: Triangle Juggle Fest * *This problem is a bit more difficult so if you really want to jump to the front of the line, try this one.	Software Engineer	Yodle	New York	NY	New York, NY	Yodle	Wed, 05 Aug 2015 10:45:56 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=8fc57ede712c090d&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0ZGMBhSddwYBRN_DHcgt_BJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kem7eh19t530e
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	You will be a member of the engineering team responsible for adMarketplace’s core ad serving technology platform. Our service has millisecond response times and is processing a billion requests a day, all the while pushing the boundaries of real time customer targeting with a requirement for 24x7 uptime. You will be responsible for designing and scaling THE core components of the adMarketplace ad serving system. The ideal software engineer will thrive on solving complex technical challenges and motivated by pushing the boundaries of using real time data to make automated decisions. Our team uses cutting edge software including Akka, Java 8, Scala, SPARK and more. Requirements: A dynamic software engineer with 3+ years coding experience using Java and/or Scala for server side applications. An understanding of low latency messaging and asynchronous design patterns, aka reactive programming Profiling, code efficiency and CI style testing concepts are critical skills. Strong knowledge of algorithmic complexity/simplicity tradeoffs and effective use of data structures; Lucene experience would be nice Ability to take projects from group discussion through design to implementation Spring and/or Akka is a plus BS in Computer Science, related discipline or equivalent experience About Us: adMarketplace is the largest search advertising marketplace outside of Google and Yahoo. Named one of New York's fastest growing companies for two years running, adMarketplace delivers performance traffic to large, data-savvy marketers and their agencies. The Advertiser 3D interface is the only pay-per-click platform that allows advertisers to bid by individual traffic source and device type. Our offices overlook the fabulous mid-town skyline. We serve healthy gourmet lunches to our team and provide weekly "lunch &amp; learns". Ping-pong tables, fully stocked beverage cooler, kegorator, fantasy football leagues, video game tournaments all serve as great reminders that hard work can always be balanced with fun. Experience Big Data in your career—at 1 billion query requests per day and 1 TB of data generated per hour, we ARE Big Data.	Java Software Engineer - Engine	adMarketplace	New York	NY	New York, NY	adMarketplace	Sat, 08 Aug 2015 06:33:02 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=08241e4587a3e4e8&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0ZGMBhSddwYBRN_DHcgt_BJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kem7eh19t530e
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Job Locations US-NY-New York City Category Engineering Travel None Level .. More information about this job: Overview: MediaMath's Financial Data team is responsible for building and maintaining a scalable and stable database and service layer for aggregation and management of all MediaMath financial data. It will serve as the authoritative and SOX compliant source of record and support all financial processes (e.g., billing, forecasting, compensation, auditing, etc.) and provide internal clients with access through APIs or in the native UI Knox in support of their reporting &amp; analysis needs. MediaMath's Financial Data team is responsible for building and maintaining a scalable, stable and secure platform for management of all MediaMath financial data. It will serve as the authoritative and SOX-compliant source of record and support all financial processes (e.g., billing, forecasting, compensation, auditing, etc.) and provide internal clients with access in support of their reporting &amp; analysis needs. Responsibilities: Build and maintain a data pipeline to consume, process and report on all financial aspects of MediaMath's ecosystem. Contribute to on-going development of our internal business solutions, utilizing MediaMath API functionality &amp; current systems for bespoke creations. Documenting and defining project scope &amp; key metrics, architect solutions, and continually monitor &amp; maintain built tools. Build and maintain internal environment(s) that will form the core of MediaMath financial systems by improving upon current tools and processes for tracking, organizing, and communicating information, with the goal of increasing company efficiency. Lead and direct a small team of engineers on a day to day basis. Qualifications: Qualifications: BS/MS in Computer Science, Mathematics, or related course of study. 5+ years of professional software development experience, preferrably in a Big Data setting. Strong understanding of software architecture, OO principles and common design patterns. Experience with Amazon Web Services such as EMR, S3, Redshift. Experience with Apache Spark is a big plus. Must possess strong fluency in SQL and familiarity with Linux. Understanding of data warehousing and reporting concepts. "Get it done? attitude. MediaMath is a global technology company that's leading the movement to revolutionize traditional marketing and empowering marketers to unleash the power of goal-based marketing at scale, transparently across the enterprise. Our platform - TerminalOne Marketing Operating System - handles billions of transactions every hour and hundreds of millions of internet users every day, which means every solution must be built to scale. Our breakthroughs create new marketplaces and solve long-standing problems in an industry that is constantly evolving. Our engineers are building the leading technology platform to power the new digital marketing ecosystem, and we are looking for driven, curious innovators to join our team. In achieving their duties and responsibilities, MediaMath employees embody the Math Values of SPACE: Scalable Innovation, Performance, Accountability, Collaboration, and Empowerment.	Senior Software Engineer, financial platform	MediaMath	New York	NY	New York, NY	StartUpHire	Tue, 20 Oct 2015 09:14:11 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=07914f2a1d08bfab&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0ZGMBhSddwYBRN_DHcgt_BJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kem7eh19t530e
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Enterprise Software Engineer (Sr.) - Full Time Permanent position in the New York City Salary – DOE By designing and developing a new platform, there is a lot of opportunity to learn and choose cutting-edge technologies. The systems will be built from the ground up and will have a significant impact across the company on a daily basis. In this role you will build: • Customer event and communication tracking platform • RESTful APIs for centralized customer and applicant data stores • Data validation and standardization services (address validation, do not call registry integration, etc) • Integration of 3rd party tools Qualifications for success: • Experience building, integrating, and securing API's with a RESTful service • Experience and interest in Java and popular Java-based frameworks and libraries, even though we are a language agnostic company • Focus on quality and testing. We have strict code test coverage and quality requirements • Experience building software in a team environment, specifically some comfort level with Git, or similar collaborative tool • Great communication skills • Driven and eager to learn • Experience with a wide range of programming languages (Java, Python, Ruby, etc) ideal • Experience integrating with 3rd party platforms helpful If you are interested in learning more about these roles, please send resume to: resume@contractstaffingrecruiters.com	Enterprise Software Engineer (Sr.)	Contract Staffing Recruiters	New York	NY	New York, NY	CareersinConnecticut	Thu, 24 Sep 2015 22:22:32 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=fd40040847c9c0b8&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0ZGMBhSddwYBRN_DHcgt_BJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kem7eh19t530e
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Want to work for a company whose mission is to change people’s lives through spoken words? Audible, An Amazon company, is a producer and seller of spoken audio entertainment, information, and educational programming on the Internet. Audible sells digital audiobooks and audio versions of magazines and newspapers. We have a large and growing catalog (150,000+ titles) of content created by world-class professional (and celebrated) narrators (Whoopi Goldberg and George R.R. Martin as examples). Audible provides a world-class content discovery, purchase and listening experience on Kindle, Android and iOS devices. Audible is an Amazon company. It's built on Amazon's massively scale-able and highly available e-commerce platform and provides exciting customer experiences on Immersion Reading (Audible narration with read along ebook) and Whispersync for Voice, to name a few. Here is the testimony of why we are one of the best products out there: Millions of our customers spend couple of hours daily, listening to Audible content (150 minutes, average, daily) besides several million others visiting and browsing our content daily. Our iOS app has been consistently rated 4+. Audible app for Android has 30+ million installed base. Our systems currently process 2000+ TPS. The next time you are in an Apple Store, check out Audible App on displayed iOS devices!! Experience the power of spoken words by trying one of our audiobooks at Audible/FreeTrial and you might be convinced that we are on a mission to change people’s lives. We are on an aggressive growth path to enrich the lives of billions of customers worldwide through very innovative set of products, features, global expansion and increasing our content collection. We are looking for the best and brightest to join our technology teams. This role will ignite the entrepreneur inside you as you'll get lot of opportunities to showcase entrepreneurial skills by complete ownership of a line/stream of business working in close collaboration with Product Managers. Basic Qualifications * Computer Science or equivalent experience (4+ years) * Java or equivalent OO language, familiarity with Unix/Linux environments * Well-rounded engineering skills; full-stack development experience - web + services - If you've built something in your spare time send us the link, we'd love to hear about it. * A high-quality bar; just-enough documentation, unit testing, code reviews, test automation, continuous integration &amp; deployment and a preference for agile methods. Preferred Qualifications Don't worry, we'll ramp you up but experience in any of these areas will help you hit the ground running: * App development on Android platform, iOS platform , Windows platform * State of the art Page Framework and web UI development * Service oriented architecture * Building and maintaining very high traffic web services	Software Dev Engineer in Test	Audible, Inc.	Newark	NJ	Newark, NJ	Amazon.com	Tue, 13 Oct 2015 14:26:02 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=00f3b0d7943fc277&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0ZGMBhSddwYBRN_DHcgt_BJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kem7eh19t530e
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Description Phreesia is looking for a Senior Software Engineer to work with Architects and Product Management to design and build the technical implementation of Phreesia?s patient intake products. The Senior Software Engineer will lead Developers and work with QA Engineers and Deployment Engineers to build, test and deploy to Production products that drive customer usage, are easily supportable by Customer teams, accurate, highly available, scalable and easily deployable. The Senior Software Engineer at Phreesia will be joining a diverse, highly distributed team of experienced engineers onshore and offshore. They will be responsible for the development of new software, build, unit testing, integration testing, deployment and some design work within an agile environment. This includes the support and maintenance of Phreesia products within a variety of development stages primarily utilizing C#/ .NET, SQL Server, WCF, WebAPI, MongoDB and Redis. This position requires a passion for programming, with a strong desire to learn new technologies and tools, thrive, and create in a collaborative team environment. This position is highly hands-on and requires gaining intimate knowledge of Phreesia?s users, customers and architecture. Phreesia has developed a highly flexible and configurable platform for checking patients in at their doctor?s office. The Senior Software Engineer will work closely with Product Management and Architecture to ensure that the products being built drive customer usage, are easily supportable by Customer teams, accurate, highly available, scalable and easily deployable. Qualifications: BS or higher in Computer Science or related discipline 5-7 years of experience building and supporting highly-distributed applications, with signi?cant experience with Microsoft.NET in C# or Java systems connecting to databases (SQL Server or Oracle) and cloud systems Self-motivated, pragmatic thinker capable of working within a highly distributed team	Senior Software Engineer	Phreesia	New York	NY	New York, NY	StartUpHire	Thu, 15 Oct 2015 08:59:59 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=bd1f50b81110a544&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0ZGMBhSddwYBRN_DHcgt_BJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kem7eh19t530e
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	About Eduworks Eduworks is an agile software based solutions company which thrives on solving big problems using AI, text analytics, and search. Examples of current projects include: labor market signaling via skill analysis and matching, patent search technology, and financial document analysis. We are looking for a talented and ambitious software engineer to join our team and play a key role in progressing these initiatives. Our team is built around a strong belief in professional autonomy and collaborative development. We are a distributed team that values results, creativity, and growth over punch cards and timestamps. The problems we tackle are complex both technically and conceptually, requiring a background in programming along with an understanding of computational linguistics. Most importantly, our developers are individually motivated with a strong desire to learn on the fly. Eduworks is based in Corvallis, Oregon but many of our employees choose to work remotely. This position is not for the faint of heart. You will work hard and contribute big. You will be part of a team of highly talented and collaborative people that are doing great things; solving difficult problems for the next generation and improving the world one algorithm at a time. Engineering Focus Java, Javascript, Web Service Architecture, Key-Value Based Databases, Programming Framework Development, Basic Network Administration, Virtual Machine Management, Project Plan Development Computational Linguistic Focus Machine Learning, Probabilistic Graphical Models, Natural Language Processing, Speech Processing, Document Deconstruction, OCR Responsibilities Write Java or Javascript code to create features for our platform Develop a solid conceptual understanding of computational linguistics and semantic search Play an integral role in at least one of our multi-year development projects Progress other development projects from point A to point B on the development cycle Demonstrate and communicate results to the rest of the team Develop efficient, testable and well-documented code Identify and troubleshoot problems Qualifications Bachelor’s degree or higher from a 4 year institution 3+ years of professional coding experience and/or 3+ years in computational linguistics Flexible nature and strong desire to learn Willingness to voice opinion and ask for help Effective time management skills and professional courtesy We Offer A competitive full-time salary and stock options Full benefits Flexible hours Paid holidays Cutting edge commercial problems Research grants from the NSF, DoD, DOE and more Previous Work Please include links to any products you’ve built or commits to open source projects where you’ve contributed code.	Software Engineer	EduWorks	New York	NY	New York, NY	EduWorks	Sat, 01 Aug 2015 04:08:35 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=6ce63d8a647bb8a0&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0ZGMBhSddwYBRN_DHcgt_BJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kem7eh19t530e
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	About Maple: There are almost 19,000 restaurants in New York City, but every day at lunch and dinner, between schedules and cravings and budgets and general boredom with our existing options, most of us aren't excited about where we’re going, or in the case of delivery, about what’s coming to our home or office. It’s why we are building Maple. Menus that change daily, food made with the best ingredients from local farms and fields, prepared by chefs who have run some of the city’s top restaurants, so delicious you want to eat it every day and priced so you can, brought straight to you wherever you are, in three clicks, maybe four. Maple is backed by Greenoaks Capital, Thrive Capital, Primary Venture Partners, David Chang and The Momofuku Restaurant Group as well as other angel and institutional investors. Our investors have backed companies including Instagram, Warby Parker, Harry’s, Spotify, Oscar Health, Instacart, Palantir and Flipkart. Maple has raised $36 million to date. What You’ll Do: Design and build software systems for a fun and fast-growing startup Learn everything there is to know about delivering good food on demand Collaborate with colleagues to come up with innovative solutions to hard problems Participate in code reviews in a friendly, collegial environment Develop and deploy great products that have a positive impact About Your Experience: At least three years of professional programming experience A history of building complex yet maintainable systems Mastery of one statically typed and one dynamically typed language A basic understanding of computer science fundamentals Excellent communications skills, both written and in-person An appreciation of simple solutions and clear, elegant code A disposition for egoless programming Familiarity with Linux and MacOS Nice to Haves: Experience building rich, client-side web applications in JavaScript Relational or NoSQL data modeling know-how Experience designing and implementing web-based API services Familiarity with DevOps principles and practices Practical, hands-on experience with any of the following: Go ( https://golang.org/ ), Python ( https://python.org/ ), Swift ( https://developer.apple.com/swift/ ), MongoDB ( https://www.mongodb.org/ ), PostgreSQL ( http://www.postgresql.org/ ), React ( http://facebook.github.io/react/ ), Ansible ( http://www.ansible.com/ ) Good taste for design, even for apps that aren't consumer-facing You care about food and how it's made Why Maple? Maple is setting out to change food and we are looking for bright, motivated and grounded people to help us do it. As a young but fast growing company, this is a chance to be completely consumed (in a good sort of way) by what you do every day. This is a chance to see your work have a deep and meaningful impact on the direction of the business on a daily basis. It’s a chance to smile on Sunday evening knowing how much conquering you get to go out and do come Monday morning. Maple is growing quickly, but more than anything, we are focused on making sure we are growing correctly. We think that everything starts with the people you spend your time with each day and as a result, we are intensely focused on who we involve on this journey. We hope that next perfect person might be you!	Senior Software Engineer	Maple	New York	NY	New York, NY	Maple	Fri, 14 Aug 2015 23:15:26 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=5add9a8439a179db&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0ZGMBhSddwYBRN_DHcgt_BJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kem7eh19t530e
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Oscar engineering is building modern software to provide an innovative and unique health care experience. Platform engineering is focused on product back ends and the infrastructure they’re built on. Our products and platform are built primarily in Python. We value software engineers with strong design and architecture skills. We hire smart Computer Scientists. ---------------- Sample projects: ---------------- Consult with staff doctors to design a health care guidance engine based on NLP techniques and an understanding of user intent. Design and implement a search infrastructure. You figure out the platform pieces. Build a data processing system on top of Mesos and Storm. Build a system that generates, sends, and tracks our impeccably designed bills. -------------------- Our ideal candidate: -------------------- Can write thoughtful software in a systems language like Java, C++, or go, and a scripting language like Python or Ruby. Knows how to create high-performance, fault-tolerant, and scalable distributed software systems. Thrives in diverse technical environments. Health care technology is fragmented, and we need people who can assemble the pieces and reduce the complexity. Wants to be part of the team that’s re-envisioning how a health care platform should be built. Is self-motivated, self-directed, and other self-adjectives. 	Software Engineer: Platform	Oscar	New York	NY	New York, NY	OSCAR	Sat, 15 Aug 2015 05:47:05 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=c84da1a47d96b8b2&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa3s7w6mf8qDRK-lokUo2iZdJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kemc2j50pfdvp
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	A startup that creates connected home products for is looking for a Senior Software Engineer with a passion for functional programming and affecting real-world devices. The team is building the software platform from the ground up in Scala, Kafka, Spark, Redshift, Docker and AWS, and working on big data problems relating to real-time streaming data architectures and their RESTful API that powers their connected hardware appliances. What makes their product exciting (besides how cool the user experience is) is its ability to generate separate significant revenue streams from the consumer and business markets. They were featured on Shark Tank earlier this year, receiving the 7th highest valuation in show history, and they’ve seen between a 50-100x increase in traffic to their site since. Requirements: A minimum of 4-5 years of professional engineering experience Experience with Scala Experience building robust and scalable back-end analytics systems Experience developing data driven systems and APIs Experience programming for the JVM BS, MS, or PHD in Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics, or related field of study 	Senior Software Engineer - Scala - Connected Home Devices	HiringCatalyst	New York	NY	New York, NY	Breezy HR	Mon, 02 Nov 2015 19:53:20 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=abd5850963168bbd&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa3s7w6mf8qDRK-lokUo2iZdJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kemc2j50pfdvp
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Looking for a career at a company that seeks to be Earth’s most customer-centric company? If so, meet Amazon . Over the past 20 years, Amazon has reinvented on behalf of the consumer and has become the largest internet retailer and marketplace in the world with nearly 90 billion in revenue globally. Through our entrepreneurial and innovative culture, Amazon has also developed new technologies and products (like our Kindle e-readers and tablets) and, enterprise services (like Amazon Web Services). Amazon is now reinventing on behalf of the business customer and focused on building the largest and most innovative Business-to-Business (Amazon Business) marketplace in the world, and we are recruiting to make this vision a reality. A core part of this new venture is forecasting: We forecast the demand of tens of millions of products up to a year into the future. The forecasts are used to automatically order hundreds of millions worth of inventory weekly, to establish labor plans for over 10,000 employees, and to predict the company’s financial performance. Amazon Business represents a whole new paradigm in consumption patterns versus our legacy consumer business: larger order sizes, lumpier demand and different seasonality, to name a few. Come join us in finding ways to scale our Forecasting systems to the needs of our rapidly growing Amazon Business. As a member of the Demand Forecasting team for Amazon Business, you'll play a key role in solving some of the world's most complex technical challenges associated with Forecasting. You will apply Large-scale computing, Distributed systems, Data mining, Scalability, Machine learning and Statistical Algorithms techniques - just to name a few. You should love solving hard problems, never take 'no' for an answer, and strive to innovate and simplify. Join our team of top-notch software developers, who work hard, have fun, and make history. Basic Qualifications Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or related field Demonstrated proficiency with Java, C++, or equivalent object-oriented programming language Object-oriented analysis and design skills Understanding of algorithmic design and complexity analysis Preferred Qualifications Experience building complex software systems that have been successfully delivered to customers Experience applying machine learning, statistical modeling or related analytic techniques Experience building high-performance, highly-available and scalable distributed systems Experience working with legacy systems and refactoring patterns Experience with Oracle Databases and/or NoSQL data storage Experience with Amazon Web Services Experience with Hadoop and map-reduce concepts We offer excellent pay and generous stock plans, great benefits including medical, dental, vision, 401k with matching, and more. Relocation is available for qualified candidates. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer. Work Hard. Have Fun. Make History.	Software Development Engineer - Forecasting	Amazon Corporate LLC	New York	NY	New York, NY	Amazon.com	Sun, 23 Aug 2015 05:40:57 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=00166cffc90e05b3&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa3s7w6mf8qDRK-lokUo2iZdJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kemc2j50pfdvp
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Smith &amp; Keller is looking for a top tier Software Engineer – Ruby for a fortune 100 client. If you have skills in the following areas and want to be a part of one of the most exciting opportunities in town then send us your resume: Experience in several of the following is required for Software Engineer – Ruby: – Demonstrated expertise in leading the design and development of highly scalable enterprise solutions is a must. – 3+ Ruby/Rails expertise is required. – Agile/Scrum development experience is preferred. – Java/J2EE experience is a plus. – Full SDLC from development to production deployment – Database schema design and usage: MySQL, PostgreSQL, Oracle – Key open source projects: Ruby, Rails, JRuby, Glassfish, etc. – Enterprise integration: Single Sign On, LDAP – Open source project and community participation a plus Excellent communication skills are essential. Requires BS in Computer Science or related field. Candidate should have at least 5 years professional software development experience and 2+ years ofenterprise-level Ruby/Rails experience. A background in other programming languages and open source projects is highly desirable. Job Requirements for Software Engineer – Ruby – 3+Ruby/Rails expertise is required. – Agile/Scrum development experience is preferred. – Java/J2EE experience is a plus. – Full SDLC from development to production deployment – Database schema design and usage: MySQL, PostgreSQL, Oracle – Key open source projects: Ruby, Rails, JRuby, Glassfish, etc. – Enterprise integration: Single Sign On, LDAP – Open source project and community participation a plus Software Engineer Job – Ruby	Software Engineer Job – Ruby	Smith & Keller	New York	NY	New York, NY	Smith & Keller	Tue, 15 Sep 2015 10:04:58 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=1aa7af1df3bb2969&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa3s7w6mf8qDRK-lokUo2iZdJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kemc2j50pfdvp
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Our Mission at LearnVest: Widely recognized as a disruptive player in the personal finance industry, LearnVest is an award-winning subscription-based program designed to help people make progress on their money. The company combines a dedicated planner with innovative technology to help make financial planning affordable, accessible and even delightful. LearnVest previously raised more than $72MM in venture-funding led by Accel Partners, American Express Ventures and others. The company has been awarded numerous accolades, including one of Time’s “50 Best Websites,” 3 years running Best of Show awards at FinovateFall 2011, 2012 and 2013, and a Forbes cover story hailing LearnVest as an “outlier.” On [May 11], 2015, LearnVest was acquired by The Northwestern Mutual Life Insurance Company (“Northwestern”) and is now a wholly-owned subsidiary of Northwestern. Job Description: To support our core product and growing team, we are looking for a Backend Software Engineer: You’re the right fit if you’re the best of the best and have yet to meet a problem you couldn’t solve, the kind of programmer that stays up late until you find that perfect bit of code. We need someone that loves to write elegant code but more than that loves to make things work. We need a coder who’s eager to grow but already sees things through the eyes of an architect - someone who keeps the big picture in mind no matter the task. We need a developer that always codes with performance, scalability, and concurrency in mind. We need a hacker who reads code like a book and enjoys digging into unfamiliar source, and we’d love if you were someone who can debug another’s code as easily as you can debug your own. Responsibilities: Work collaboratively on creative solutions with engineers, product managers and designers Bring new ideas and new ways of solving problems to the team Embrace a culture of learning and sharing with code and design reviews Write automated unit and integration tests to support continuous delivery Qualifications: Experience working within the object­ oriented and functional paradigms Working knowledge of software design patterns and best practices Practical experience working within a scalable, cloud­ based infrastructure Interest in profiling and optimizing runtime complexity Interest in distributed integration testing and analysis. For instance, analyzing how a change in tax law or planning strategy affects specific cash flow projections willing to gain domain knowledge around financial planning	Backend Software Engineer	LearnVest	New York	NY	New York, NY	LearnVest	Fri, 14 Aug 2015 21:05:06 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=e1f040fd603a37d3&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa3s7w6mf8qDRK-lokUo2iZdJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kemc2j50pfdvp
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Be a part of an agile team tasked in building the tools to deliver brilliantly simple cloud interfaces for both customers and internal users. Interface with powerful back-end technologies and deliver dynamic front end experiences. We are looking for a Software Engineer to help build and improve the software platform responsible for the operations and infrastructure of our cloud hosted VoIP service. The near-real-time and event driven user experience is an integral part of the human communications and ShoreTel is in the business of enabling and delivering on this brilliantly simple promise. The main responsibilities will involve creating and maintaining dynamic user interfaces for both the existing systems and new projects. Responsibilities: Design and support dynamic web user interfaces leveraging latest standards and technologies Work closely with the product owners and technical leads to understand the business requirements Participate in the back-end development process Have an understanding of all systems components to ensure that your software fits into the "big picture" Integrate services and modules into the ShoreTel platform Test and qualify code Deliver production software on deadline Participate in the design of new applications and features Requirements: 4+ years of experience in web application development 4+ years’ experience with C#, Java, or C++ Strong knowledge of JavaScript, HTML, AJAX, JSON, CSS Experience with the .NET platform Experience with JQuery and AngularJS is a plus. Expertise with the principles and practice of object-oriented programming	UI Design Software Engineer	ShoreTel	New York	NY	New York, NY	ShoreTel	Sat, 15 Aug 2015 01:03:40 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=86f7a9659aaee889&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa3s7w6mf8qDRK-lokUo2iZdJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kemc2j50pfdvp
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Our client, a large Edison company is looking for a team member for their source control team. You will p articipate as a member of a team in the implementation of IBM Rational Team Concert and IBM UrbanCode for source control management. The supported apps cover mainframe, .NET and Java. You will add additional platforms that are not incorporated into the current SCM application (i.e. mobile apps, PeopleSoft, etc.) Required Skills: Experience with IBM Rational Team Concert Experience with IBM UrbanCode Major pluses for the following experience: Java and/or .Net Mainframe ServiceNow Source Control Management Equal Opportunity Employer: Race, Color, Religion, Sex, Sexual Orientation, Gender Identity, National Origin, Age, Genetic Information, Disability, Protected Veteran Status, or any other legally protected group status.	Software Build Engineer	Randstad Technologies	Edison	NJ	Edison, NJ	Randstad Technologies	Tue, 13 Oct 2015 16:10:55 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=e4a8e7ea0b8ba81d&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa3s7w6mf8qDRK-lokUo2iZdJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kemc2j50pfdvp
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Do you have any idea how hard marketing is these days? Just a few years ago, marketing departments had few tools to customize their messages and limited data to measure the effectiveness of their campaigns. Today, they have unlimited ability to customize, oceans of data, and mounting expectations to use these tools to drive value for their companies. At Custora, we use data to deliver custom marketing experiences for our customers, improving the bottom line and the user experience at the same time. We're growing at a rapid pace, taking on bigger customers every day, and multiplying the amount of data we collect by several orders of magnitude. As we leap into the next phase of our growth, we need developers who are motivated to solve tough problems, experiment with new technology, and help us change the way e-commerce marketing works in ways that will benefit both companies and consumers. We have hard problems to solve. We're already analyzing data for well over 500,000,000 end customers, and this number is growing fast. We're pulling data from numerous sources, computing sophisticated statistics on the fly, and building a marketing experimentation platform that's usable by the entire marketing team. Plenty of responsibility. We're a small team, and each of us owns the projects we are most passionate about. You'll have the opportunity to own large parts of the business and the software. Try new things. Experimentation is one of our core values at Custora, and we need engineers who will apply new approaches to solving our problems. As our data grows and we move from a batch processing model to real-time analytics, we are ready and able to try new solutions. The stack While we make use of a wide variety of tools , our primary web stack is Ruby on Rails and AngularJS deployed on AWS. We make extensive use of R for statistical analysis, and our primary data stores are MySQL and Redis. Qualifications Degree in Computer Science, or a deep competency in Computer Science achieved via other means Experience shipping production web applications in Ruby on Rails or similar framework Familiarity with SQL-based databases Proven track record working in a startup or other fast-paced environment High standards for code quality and maintainability Familiarity with R, Matlab, or other statistical programming environment a major plus Experience with e-commerce a big plus Excellent problem-solving skills Benefits Competitive Salary Generous equity Health and Dental 100% covered All lunches paid for by the company Flexible Vacation Policy - Take as much time as you need for vacation and sick days Our Interview Process We ask all engineering candidates to complete a short take-home project as the first step in our process. The project is designed to be a fun game that we hope you'll enjoy working on, and it will give us a good idea about how you approach problems like the ones we work on every day. Submit your application below, and we'll get back to you with the details of the project shortly.	Back-End Software Engineer	Custoria	New York	NY	New York, NY	Custoria	Fri, 04 Sep 2015 08:03:02 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=b5c6d6a7c3389f5d&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa3s7w6mf8qDRK-lokUo2iZdJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kemc2j50pfdvp
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Job Description Position Summary The Executive Assistant is responsible for all administrative duties for CEO. Makes administrative decisions, handles correspondence, maintains files, makes appointments, books travel and serves as liaison with the public as required. Handles details of a confidential and critical nature Conducts her/himself with the highest degree of dignity, professionalism, and interpersonal effectiveness while exercising sound judgment. Primary Responsibilities Arrange complex meetings, including board meeting packages, and handle all other meeting material preparation and logistics Process expense reports and assist with invoices for meetings and events in a timely fashion Prepare presentation materials, cover/introductory letters, contracts, and other business documents Effectively support and back up other administrative assistants, especially for high priority meetings, deadlines and deliverables. Demonstrate a sense of urgency, initiative, responsiveness, and attention to detail Routinely handle internal and external inquiries by screening calls, answering questions, and redirecting to appropriate personnel. Coordinate domestic and international travel arrangements for company executives as well as advisors, consultants and other team members as necessary. Manage executives’ calendars, conference registration and arrangements Special projects and other duties as assigned Qualifications Knowledge, Skills, and Background Required Bachelor’s degree 1-4 years of experience preferred Ability to Multi-Task Capable of presenting to senior leadership High energy level, enthusiastic, and eager to do what is necessary to be successful Excellent interpersonal, public presentation, written and communication skills Ability to learn quickly, to respond/react quickly to changing priorities and to be dedicated to completion of required tasks Thorough knowledge of company operations, policies, and procedures Computer literacy in Microsoft Office: Windows, Excel, Word, PowerPoint Excellent command of English Grammar and business writing Ability to prioritize multiple requests based on own judgment of importance/need to the department Willing to work unpredictable hours and work against deadlines Additional Information All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines.	Executive Assistant to CEO/ Software Engineer	bMuse	New York	NY	New York, NY	bMuse	Wed, 05 Aug 2015 03:08:55 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=2aae98460f0f2b66&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa3s7w6mf8qDRK-lokUo2iZdJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kemc2j50pfdvp
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Software Engineer / Web 2.0 Fantastic opportunity with a very successful company with cutting-edge technology and a staff consisting of many of the brightest technical talent in the world. Will relocate the right candidate. Will sponsor visa’s. Bachelor’s and/or Master’s degree from a top computer science program with a GPA of 3.5 or higher. PhD preferred. Top computer science program preferred (Carnegie Mellon University, Massachusetts Institute of Technology/MIT, Stanford University, University of California-Berkeley, Cornell University, University of Illinois-Urbana-Champaign, Princeton University, University of Washington, University of Texas-Austin, Georgia Institute of Technology, California Institute of Technology, University of Wisconsin-Madison, University of Michigan-Ann Arbor, etc. Responsibilities: -Play instrumental role in building scalable, multi-server, multi-database web applications that drive quantitative trading models. -Integrate dynamic back-end functionalities -Implement functional user interfaces -Identify and address performance issues -Participate in design and code reviews -Define and communicate best practices for web-based user interface engineering across organization Qualifications: -Bachelor’s degree from a top computer science program preferred with a strong GPA. Master’s degree preferred. Top computer science program preferred. -Proficiency in several programming languages such as Java, Groovy, C or C++. -Experience with front-end javascript libraries like Google Closure, Twitter Bootstrap, jQuery, MooTools, or Dojo. -Strong working knowledge of current web standards including CSS3 and HTML 5. -Proficiency in highly scalable frameworks and experience with Java Servlet containers like Tomcat or Jetty is a definite advantage. Knowledge of highly available message queue systems such as RabbitMQ, distributed cache like Membase and distributed computing frameworks like Hadoop is preferable.	Software Engineer / Web 2.0	Next Step Systems	New York	NY	New York, NY	Next Step Systems	Mon, 21 Sep 2015 06:34:21 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=d04d2ebe40655546&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa3s7w6mf8qDRK-lokUo2iZdJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kemc2j50pfdvp
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Rodale Inc. is currently seeking a Front End Drupal Developer, located in our New York or Pennsylvania office. This position is responsible for theming, testing, implementation and support of external and internal-facing enterprise websites. Rodale reaches over 100 million people globally through multiple distribution channels, including magazines, books, online, mobile, e-commerce, direct-to-consumer, social, and video. With 100 editions in 67 countries, Rodale publishes the largest, most established health and wellness lifestyle magazine brands, including Men's Health, Prevention, Women's Health, Runner's World, Bicycling, Running Times, and Rodale's Organic Life, and through Rodale Events, LLC, produces 25 branded events that draw more than 100,000 participants annually. Principal Duties and Responsibilities: Responsible for the use and integration of front-end development technologies to create large scale websites and web-applications. Working directly with developers, designers, UX experts, and project managers to create high-quality websites. Immersion with business leaders to cooperatively build Rodale’s strategic direction. Experience and Skills: Strong communication and organizational skills to interact with business owners, creative teams, and IT Experience in JavaScript, HTML5, and CSS. Proficient with a CSS Preprocessor such as Sass. Knowledge of how to employ the jQuery library for visual effects, event handling, and document manipulation. Experience creating responsive websites Strong background in web usability and interface design. Creating, editing or modifying templates for a CMS or web development framework. Familiarity with modifying Drupal Theme hooks to display data. Testing cross-browser, cross-platform, and/or cross-device compatibility for inconsistencies. Experienced in agile development. Converting psds to html/css Drush PHP, RESTful experience a plus About Rodale: Rodale is a global lifestyle company with a mission to inspire and enable people to improve their lives and the world around them. Through a broad portfolio of leading media properties, Rodale reaches more than 70 million people around the world through multiple distribution channels, including magazines, books, online, mobile, e-commerce, direct-to-consumer and video. Rodale publishes some of the best-known health and wellness lifestyle magazines, including Men’s Health, Prevention, Women’s Health, Runner’s World, Bicycling, Running Times and Organic Gardening, and is one of the largest independent book publishers in the United States with a collection of bestselling titles including Al Gore’s An Inconvenient Truth, The End of Overeating: Taking Control of the Insatiable American Appetite and Flat Belly Diet. The company is also widely regarded as a digital leader in the areas of health and fitness and has launched three digital properties—Fitbie.com and YouTube channels 3V and Tasted. Rodale continues to expand its reach through an ever growing list of award winning mobile applications and partnerships, and is a leader in direct-response marketing with more than 27 million active customers in its database. To learn more about Rodale, visit www.rodaleinc.com and are proud to be an EEO/AA employer M/F/D/V. LI-BD1 Required Skills Required Experience	Software Engineer-Front End Drupal	Rodale Inc.	New York	NY	New York, NY	Rodale Inc.	Fri, 14 Aug 2015 06:39:48 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=0d156c85d20facf5&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa3s7w6mf8qDRK-lokUo2iZdJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kemc2j50pfdvp
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	We need a Lead UI Engineer &amp; Architect to build a real-time software. Our software powers ecommerce platforms. In brief, we live in the financial ecosystem, but are not a financial company. If you want to build real time software for the consumer and ecommerce industries, look here! What’s the job? Lead front-end architecture and implementation deliver new working code every two weeks in a fast-paced, code-focused agile development environment work with the rest of the engineering team to deliver new functionality to face merchants, consumers, investors, and internal users create beautiful user interfaces and elegant user experiences be on the front lines responding to customer issues and ensuring smooth integrations Who are we? We aim to fundamentally reshape the nature of the consumer credit market. Our initial focus is the 100BN world of purchase financing. We transform pricing in ecommerce, i.e. the $1000 couch you’re looking at instantly appears as $50/month. Clear, transparent terms. Fair rates. No hidden fees. And a powerful, flexible merchant API that seamlessly plugs financing anywhere into the ecommerce experience. Our team is top tier. Our CEO ran credit portfolios at one of the world’s biggest investment funds, and has for years been involved with many successful fintech startups in New York. Our CTO spent years building high-end financial systems at banks and asset managers and then went to Yale Law School for fun. Our lead engineer spent years at Google after it bought his old company. Most importantly, we are a hard working, ambitious group that is devoted to our mission. And our VCs are top tier, too: RRE, Greycroft, Maveron, Red Swan, Box Group, and others. And they couldn’t be more excited about the ambition and scope of what we are building. What do you need for this role? Expert knowledge of Javascript and front-end frameworks (we use React, but would happily speak with people who have deep experience with frameworks like Angular or Backbone) Experience developing rich, reliable, cross-browser-compatible web experiences Experience designing elegant, expressive client-side Javascript APIs Experience creating robust UI automation testing as part of the development process An ability to translate designs into pixel-perfect HTML and CSS A passion for engineering and technology Preferred Some background in visual design. Art school kids welcome here Knowledge of financial products No fear of the back end. Our system is built with Go and PostgreSQL, but we’re also happy to speak with those that have experience with other backend languages, including JVM languages like Java or Scala; Python; or C++ Knowledge of e-commerce platforms, like Magento, Shopify, Demandware, or others What’s in it for you? We are in a start up phase, but have solid backing. You’ll put yourself in a position for equity that will mean something and hold value, plus a competitive salary. We have a great office space, comfortable working environment and passionate, intelligent Engineers around you.	Lead UI Engineer Building Real Time Software	Averity	New York	NY	New York, NY	Averity	Wed, 30 Sep 2015 00:11:26 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=7af60b9106a31149&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa3s7w6mf8qDRK-lokUo2iZdJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kemc2j50pfdvp
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	The Lead Android Software Engineer is a full time position at our New York office. You will be responsible for the architecture, development, and management of mobile software on the Android platform. As an experienced engineer, you will lead product and feature engineering for determining the best practices and patterns we use for development and automated testing. With your peers, you' ll manage product implementation across the Android ecosystem. Role &amp; Responsibilities: Lead feature development for our Android products on specific projects and take ownership of end-to-end product quality Manage prototypes of new ideas and explore new technologies on the forefront of news delivery, mobile technology, and commerce Contribute to expansion by working closely with other platform developers to ensure product consistency across mobile, OTT platforms, and Web Collaborate with backend services colleagues to architect appropriate content delivery and user management interfaces Advise Product and Marketing colleagues on the latest developments in the Android ecosystem for adding and promoting innovative new product features. Qualifications: Proven and demonstrable experience on Android development with hands on experience of interactive application development paradigms (animations, dynamics/physics engines), concurrency, networking, data persistence, and media frameworks Strong understanding of mobile video technologies including streaming protocols, video codecs, and Android video players Proven experience in designing, developing and debugging connected applications with Web services/content providers, including use of REST APIs and JSON Advanced ability to convert complex requirements and abstract concepts into working designs and software applications Experience in the full software development life cycle and application architecture Strong organizational and problem-solving skills Strong ability to evaluate alternatives and understand business implications and impact Proactive and self-motivated; excellent communicator Experience with multimedia frameworks, advanced video players, and video streaming on mobile devices OO design and data modeling skills Confident and proud of your work Proactive and self-motivated Value judgment and common sense over process BS in Computer Sciences or Computer Engineering or equivalent required Some international travel may be required inline with individual project requirements A sense of humor always helps Jason Gabler 	Lead Android Software Engineer	Park Hudson International	New York	NY	New York, NY	Park Hudson International	Tue, 29 Sep 2015 22:18:38 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=54fe6fa28e38a457&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa3s7w6mf8qDRK-lokUo2iZdJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kemc2j50pfdvp
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Senior Software Engineer – UI , C++, Open GL Responsibilities As a senior engineer, you’ll be a key player in bringing cutting-edge technology to market. You’ll be responsible for synthesizing \ internal software, along with middleware, into a cohesive software stack. Your efforts will not only result in both B2B and D2C products, you will be called upon to deliver demos, as well as sample applications to ship with our SDK. This role also encompasses support of our research staff with in-house tools, helping move technology to the next level. Requirements First and foremost, be intellectually honest and an exceptional problem solver 3+ years of programming experience Work diligently to achieve balance between well-crafted architectures and practical compromises Work well in collaborative environments Own what you do, and be product oriented Have the knowledge and skills to effectively utilize software design patterns Strong working knowledge of the fundamental mathematics behind computer graphics/machine vision (Linear Algebra, vector math, matrices, projection) 5+ years of real-time graphics experience in at least one major graphics APIs (OpenGL/OpenGL ES/GLSL, DirectX/HLSL/Cg, or similar) Experience in Computational Geometry (NURBS, Subdivision Surfaces, Progressive Meshes) Strong optimization skills, either in a shader language (GLSL, Cg, HLSL, RenderMan) or some form of assembly (ARM, Intel, MIPS, NEON, SSE/AVX) Strong in C++ Good understanding of memory and their hierarchies (bandwidth, latency, cache, GDDR, L2, texture cache) Can work in Linux, Mac, and Windows environments MS/BS in Computer Science, or equivalent Desirable Experience with Compute, particularly GPUs (CUDA, OpenCL, GPGPU with GLSL/Cg), or vector/multicore programming techniques and multithreading Knowledge of scene graphs and other 3D management systems (Octree, Bounding Sphere, Collada, X3D) Developed tools associated with Max or Maya, with Max Script an even bigger plus Game Industry background Experience shipping products as an Android/iOS graphics or application developer An understanding of Image Processing JavaScript/Web GL A GIT Guru Good with command line tools 	Senior Software Engineer – UI , C++, Open GL	Smith & Keller	Brooklyn	NY	Brooklyn, NY	Smith & Keller	Mon, 05 Oct 2015 05:14:20 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=28e568c1416d00ee&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa3s7w6mf8qDRK-lokUo2iZdJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kemc2j50pfdvp
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	As an Engineer on our Real Time Ad Serving team, you care about every single character in your code, and write elegant, performant software, that when rolled out into production, will make a direct impact on our business. We work in a fast paced, mission critical environment, and are responsible for building the software and systems that drive our real-time bidding business. About the Team The AppNexus Platform was built upon the foundation that we could help our clients buy and sell media in the most effective and efficient way possible. AppNexus has since then become a pioneer in developing real-time technology into various aspects of our platform stack to make our advertising solution one of the fastest, most reliable, and massively scaled systems in the industry. In the past 3 years, we’ve grown from processing 300k QPS to over 5 million QPS for an approximate total of 100 billion requests per day. These events generate more than 150 TB of new data every day. We work under strict real-time constraints, responding to and executing real-time, dynamic auctions in less than 100 milliseconds. This is a fast-paced, mission-critical environment – engineers working on the real-time aspects of our platform optimize our software for performance, space, and algorithmic efficiency and drive our real-time bidding business. About the Job Design and implement new features and enhancements to our platform that require hard real-time constraints and elegant, yet powerful software solutions Work closely with other engineers and our Product teams, to not only make these systems go faster and handle more and more data, but also to build revolutionary new features for our clients Prioritize bug fixes to ensure mission critical up-time Consistently look for ways to optimize and improve our systems Work collaboratively with other engineering teams to ensure real-time technology integrates seamlessly with other pieces of the platform About Your Skills BA/BS degree expected in 2016 in Computer Science, Computer Engineering or a related field Excellent Computer Science fundamentals with regards to data structures, algorithms, time complexity and more Experience using either C, C++ or Java Experience building high-performance, multithreaded, distributed systems and applications, preferably in a Linux environment Experience with or interest in learning advanced optimization techniques Experience with or interest in learning real-time, low latency data processing Experience with or interest in learning ultra-low-level systems engineering More About You You are passionate about a culture of learning and teaching. You love challenging yourself to constantly improve, and sharing your knowledge to empower others You like to take risks when looking for novel solutions to complex problems. If faced with roadblocks, you continue to reach higher to make greatness happen You care about solving big, systemic problems. You look beyond the surface to understand root causes so that you can build long-term solutions for the whole ecosystem You believe in not only serving customers, but also empowering them by providing the knowledge and tools About our University Program Significant impact: Projects are designed specifically for you to fit your interests and skills. Shape your own role and be a part of the team that is building bold solutions to some of today’s most exciting business and technical challenges. Campus community : You will join a class of campus hires who will all start at AppNexus on the same day. We’ll also host lots of social events for you to get to know your class and the campus classes from years past! Robust onboarding : You will ramp up alongside your class . Your first week will be spent with your class attending AppNexus University. Learn the ins and outs of one of the fastest growing industries and what it means to be an AppNexian. Career development opportunities: AppNexus offers a variety of internally-developed learning sessions, customized workshops, and professional development programs to help you strengthen your potential, develop new skills, and grow your own career. Regular access to industry events: The AppNexus New York “Razzle Dazzle” space hosts regular events featuring the brightest minds from technology, media and business. Pick and choose from series like Career Corners and Fireside Chats with some of the most notable names in tech. And, of course, free food: Our office has a fully stocked kitchen featuring healthy and tasty snacks, drinks, and coffee throughout the day. On “Family Lunch Fridays” AppNexus provides free lunch for the company. Want to know more about AppNexus? Explore the links below to learn about our values, why we like to work here, and how we hire.	Software Engineer, Real Time Ad Serving (2016 Graduates Only)	AppNexus	New York	NY	New York, NY	AppNexus	Wed, 12 Aug 2015 20:48:33 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=ffdbc41f4bb88d43&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa3s7w6mf8qDRK-lokUo2iZdJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kemc2j50pfdvp
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	You’ve probably heard of the Deep &amp; Dark Web—the part of the Internet that’s inaccessible to mainstream search engines. While people certainly use it for many legitimate reasons, the Deep &amp; Dark Web also affords a level of anonymity that makes it the perfect place on the Internet for bad guys to get together and cause problems for everyone. At Flashpoint, we illuminate the Deep &amp; Dark Web by building powerful tools that help protect the people you know and love (and even those you don't) from the looming threats emanating from the underbelly of the Internet. Our commercial clients across the Fortune 500 use our products to gain visibility into these rather opaque areas of the Internet to help defend themselves and their customers (you're probably one of them) from people exploiting the Deep &amp; Dark Web for unsavory goals. Our government clients use our products to help protect you and your fellow citizens from having to worry about people up to no good. We're undertaking unprecedented work here at Flashpoint. Our challenges are at the forefront of cyber intelligence, and the problems we’re solving demand a certain kind of mentality employing both traditional and nontraditional methodologies. We’re a group of tinkerers, white-hat hackers, and puzzle-driven engineers. Our office encourages outside-the-box thinking, experimentation, and open collaboration. Overhear a problem that you want to help solve? Speak up, and you’ll be involved. Discover a new technology that will make all our lives easier? Present it to the team, and lead its implementation. Challenges and long hours aside, we take time to decompress, remove ourselves from work, and mellow out as a team. Stopping to smell the roses is pretty much a prerequisite around here; it keeps us happy as individuals and promotes a healthy and empowering tight-knit culture for our team. You’ve heard a little bit about us; now we’ve got some questions for you: Do you want to have a direct impact in making the world a safer place? Do you want to help solve complicated, real-world problems that require your sleeves to be rolled up well past your elbows? Do you like to tackle difficult challenges alongside a team of talented and intrepid colleagues? Do you like to have fun in a supportive, team-driven environment? If you answered "no" to any of these questions, we won’t hold it against you, but we're probably not a fit. If you made it past that peer-into-your-soul interrogation with all “Yeses”, then congratulations! You nurture an altruistic streak, you don't shy away from an uphill battle, and you like to have fun alongside like-minded people. Us too! We’re going to need people like you to help develop our cutting edge data delivery and analysis platform. There’s a tremendous amount of work for us on the road ahead, and we’re moving at ludicrous speed, so we’re looking for a comrade-in-arms to jump in and join our team trailblazing the Deep &amp; Dark Web. If this sounds appealing, then we'd be very excited to hear from you. Below is more about the role we have in mind. Roles and Responsibilities Build and maintain the our platform Write unit tests (as we code, not 3 months after release) Document system as as you build it (we believe communication is key in software development) Participate in scrum process Help bring in new technologies and develop innovative approaches to the data challenges we face Requirements Required Qualifications and Experience Python Django Experience with RESTful APIs Experience writing unit tests Strong communication skills Ability to work in a startup environment Nice to Haves Experience developing security tools or any type of security oriented background Experience with big data projects Agile experience Love for Smash Bros. No recruiters or third parties, please! Sorry, we won't be sponsoring visas for this role! Benefits Compensation will be commensurate with experience and ability. Benefits include health care, commuter benefits, well-stocked kitchen, beer Fridays, and company outings.	Software Engineer (Multiple Levels)	Flashpoint	New York	NY	New York, NY	FlashPoint	Tue, 04 Aug 2015 23:33:51 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=4e77b28aeb3a12af&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa3s7w6mf8qDRK-lokUo2iZdJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kemc2j50pfdvp
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Financial Systems ConsultantDeveloper Our direct client is a successful, thriving software development firm which specializes in business analytics. Our team helps customers develop creative, practical solutions to their business problems - using a variety of software tools. We do a lot of work in the OLAP, business intelligence and financial analytics areas, but we also pride ourselves on our versatility and ability to go beyond the obvious. The mark of our success is our relationships with our customers. They trust our judgment, our collaborative approach and appreciate the value that we deliver, time and again. We enjoy the challenge of understanding their diverse business needs, and the satisfaction of delivering quality, innovative solutions that clearly make a difference. Continuing this success requires people with broad and deep programming, scripting and troubleshooting abilities, strong communication skills, and an aptitude for managing people, priorities and time. Role and Responsibilities Looking for team members whose primary role will be to take the lead in the design and development of a suite of specialized financial analytics applications. Through its consulting practice, we have identified several gaps in the offerings on the market and has developed prototypes and products to serve these unmet business needs. Their secondary role will be as consultants - working with customers to design and implement solutions. Candidates must be versatile technologists who understand the principles of good architectural design, and well-structured, object oriented software development. They will be required to work in a variety of environments including databases (both OLAP and relational), software IDEs (Visual Studio and Eclipse) and end user desktop tools. They will be programming for the desktop as well as web services and web clients. We provide an exciting and stimulating environment for those who are challenged by change and new ideas, and want the opportunity to make measurable contributions. We offer a comprehensive benefits package. Skill requirements include but not limited to Bachelors degree in Finance, Accounting, Computer Science and Engineering, Computer Science, or Electrical Engineering required. Graduate degree a plus for the experienced. Quick learner of new businessestechnologies. Experience of or aptitude for translating complex business requirements into technical solutions. Development skills in C and ASP.NET, or equivalent technologies, a must. Excellent interpersonal and communication skills. Strong analytical skills and a demonstrable bias toward action Experience with data warehousing and business intelligence is a plus. Must be eligible to work in the US C# . net developer	Microsoft C# / .net Software Engineer	Benchmark IT LLC	Tarrytown	NY	Tarrytown, NY	Dice	Thu, 29 Oct 2015 00:14:02 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=eef31f1ca6e4f930&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa3s7w6mf8qDRK-lokUo2iZdJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kemc2j50pfdvp
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	iHeartRadio, iHeartMedia’s free digital radio service, is the No. 1 all-in-one digital audio service with over 600 million downloads; it reached its first 20 million registered users faster than any digital service in Internet history and reached 70 million users faster than any digital music service and even faster than Twitter, Facebook and Pinterest. The company’s operations include radio broadcasting, online, mobile, digital and social media, live concerts and events, syndication, music research services and independent media representation. The engineering team is responsible for providing digital and personalized radio services to millions of users, with millions of songs and thousands of stations. Services range from: personalized artist and song radio; station recommendations per the “For You” feature; popular content trending throughout the iHeartRadio network of local web sites; social sharing to FB, Twitter, G+. We are looking for enthusiastic software engineers to join our growing platform engineering team. If you are interested in working in a highly distributed and scalable agile environment where performance and building amazing products that reach tens of millions of users at thousands of requests per second is important, we are the place to be. We are highly focused on using the right tools for the job, building component based system architecture and giving ownership and responsibility to our autonomous team Responsibilities: Design, develop and deploy scalable backend services for new and existing products and features Work on our Scala/Akka micro-service backend API platform that powers the features and functionality of our clients Collaborate and work closely within team/engineering as well as cross-functional teams Be part of designing and building reactive real time systems that services millions of users Requirements: Experience working in high scale/distributed systems where high availability, low latency and scalability is key Experience in continuous deployment and testing Strong experience working in concurrent and parallel programming Deep knowledge of algorithms and data structure and how to apply them when designing and building systems Solid experience in Scala/Java and at least one other programming language Experience with kafka, spark is desired but not required Experience with SQL/NOSQL systems such as MongoDB, Cassandra, Postgres, etc Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or equivalent iHeartMedia is an equal opportunity employer and will not tolerate discrimination in employment on the basis of race, color, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, religion, disability, ethnicity, national origin, marital status, veteran status, or any other legally-protected status. Required Skills Required Experience	Senior Software Engineer-Scala	iHeartMedia, Inc.	New York	NY	New York, NY	iHeartMedia, Inc.	Fri, 14 Aug 2015 06:39:08 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=4cd49a133892e405&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa3s7w6mf8qDRK-lokUo2iZdJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kemc2j50pfdvp
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Spring is looking for a Front-End Software Engineer to join our rapidly growing Platform Integrations team. The primary responsibility of this role is to onboard brands onto Spring’s catalog infrastructure so that they can get the most out of Spring with minimal effort. Leveraging your technical expertise and your passion for problem solving, you’ll write JavaScript that extracts product data from brand websites, to make brands’ full catalogs available for sale on Spring. In this position, a successful candidate will develop and maintain a deep understanding of the varied technology interfaces underlying brands’ ecommerce websites. This role is an great fit for creative, solutions-oriented engineers who have an interest in building Spring’s supply side. This role reports to the VP of Platform Integrations in Spring’s NYC office, and is a unique opportunity to join our fast-growing startup. KEY RESPONSIBILITIES: Own the delivery of high-quality software solutions to extract product data from Spring brand websites Be the subject-matter expert on determining the best technical strategy for predictably and scalably onboarding a brand to Spring’s catalog infrastructure In partnership with Spring’s Application Support team, quickly resolve production issues Work cross-functionally to ensure high quality brand and Spring user experiences with brands’ full catalogs Build and maintain a knowledge base of code and provide training to help Spring’s Technical Project Coordinators scale the catalog onboarding process Identify opportunities for process and product improvements to reduce issues, streamline onboarding, and ease application support REQUIREMENTS: 1-3 years of commercial experience with JavaScript, preferably in an ecommerce or similar production-critical environment Excellent command of web and CS fundamentals: HTTP, AJAX, HTML5, CSS3, jQuery or similar frameworks &amp; libraries, algorithms, regular expressions, string/array operations, data structures, operating systems, and networking, to name a few An orientation toward testing hypotheses and validating assumptions A passion for and proven success in analyzing/debugging complex code problems and identifying elegant solutions to technology issues Ruthless attention to detail and a natural ability to recognize patterns Exceptional oral and written communication skills, with an ability to convey information clearly and effectively Past success in rapidly learning new systems, platforms, and/or processes Strong organizational skills Work well in a fast-paced team setting - "no job too small" Must be creative, and have a high level of initiative and an outstanding work ethic Software development experience in a startup environment is a plus About Spring Spring was founded with one simple vision: to create the best mobile shopping experience. Members of our team have helped change the world through their previous work building products used and loved by hundreds of millions of people at tech companies like Google and Medium and brands such as DVF, Bergdorf Goodman, and Marc Jacobs, to name just a few. Now we’re working together to re-imagine mobile commerce. We provide our employees with a happy, productive workplace, and we're constantly improving! We keep a stocked fridge, bring in breakfast everyday and lunch on Tuesdays and Thursdays. Our employees enjoy full benefits, unlimited vacation time, a competitive salary, stock options, and the opportunity to work with truly excellent people on a product that'll impact millions.	Front-End Software Engineer	SPRING	New York	NY	New York, NY	SPRING	Sat, 31 Oct 2015 18:44:28 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=897ca9a5a1a8d961&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa3s7w6mf8qDRK-lokUo2iZdJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kemc2j50pfdvp
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Acquiring in depth knowledge of digital oscilloscope at functionality level as well as design level Working in a team environment to Debug, Diagnosis and fix various software issues reported by customers Working in a team environment to develop various software application/features for main various product line Requirements: Bachelors in Computer Science or Electrical Engineering Masters in Computer Science or Electrical Engineering (preferred but not required) 2+ years similar engineering experience Working experience of C++ programming Knowledge of digital and analog hardware electronics Passion for quality and be a proactive thinker Knowledge of oscilloscopes or other test and measurement instrumentation Ability to work in a team environment Must have good communication skills Also Desirable: Experience of Windows based application programming Experience of Microsoft Windows kernel level drivers Knowledge of ATL/COM Experience with Win CE or Windows Embedded platform 	Software Engineer	Teledyne Lecroy	Chestnut Ridge	NY	Chestnut Ridge, NY	Teledyne Lecroy	Fri, 21 Aug 2015 00:18:20 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=6beb4e5cbe1d798d&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa3s7w6mf8qDRK-lokUo2iZdJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kemc2j50pfdvp
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	iHeartRadio, iHeartMedia’s free digital radio service, is the No. 1 all-in-one digital audio service with over 600 million downloads; it reached its first 20 million registered users faster than any digital service in Internet history and reached 70 million users faster than any digital music service and even faster than Twitter, Facebook and Pinterest. iHeartRadio seeks a talented and seasoned mobile engineer to join our Android team that is driven to build great Android apps and to work within a fast paced Agile team structure to release them. Delivery, accountability, and passion are three words your peers use to describe you and you excel working with your peers to ensure code standards are upheld and quality is high. In your first year on the job, expect to work on a large platform wide initiative (think brand new product, full app redesign, i18n, etc); further, work on more than a few key features driving company metrics up and to the right. Ideally, you give good code review and know how to work in a vertical/feature team alongside your product manager, designer, fellow Android engineers and server/full stack engineers. Additionally, you write copious and meaningful unit tests and are comfortable with continuous integration and rapid deployment. You write code that runs on Lollipop and doesn't break on Marshmallow. Or an Android TV. Or a 4:3 screen. Or a smartwatch. Or a Chromecast. Or inside a Ford. You think more about battery life than a normal human should. You have bad dreams about stream buffering. And if you are bored, and want to go fullstack and have Scala, Data Science or serious JavaScript chops, you will find a vertical team to play a fullstack role in. Sound like fun? Responsibilities: Develop, architect and deploy major new features on iHeart Android apps Build and maintain common code libraries used in phones, tablets, TVs, smart watches and automobiles Create innovative solutions in media streaming and mobile user experience Maintain high unit test coverage and continuous integration principles Cultivate an environment of excellence, through code design, code reviews Mastery of the Android development and hardware ecosystem, from devices to adb to the Play Store Requirements: 3+ years of hands on experience with the Android platform (additional experience with server side Java or Scala highly preferred) Considerable experience debugging and profiling Android applications Experience with continuous integration tools like Jenkins or Travis CI and automated testing frameworks such as Espresso Ability to independently set tasks and complete work with limited direction Ability to manage competing priorities in a complex environment and maintain high productivity Ability to devise creative technical solutions Excellent verbal and written communication skills Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or equivalent iHeartMedia is an equal opportunity employer and will not tolerate discrimination in employment on the basis of race, color, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, religion, disability, ethnicity, national origin, marital status, protected veteran status, genetic information, or any other legally protected classification or status. Required Skills Required Experience	Senior Mobile Software Engineer, Android	iHeartMedia, Inc.	New York	NY	New York, NY	iHeartMedia, Inc.	Sat, 29 Aug 2015 06:36:26 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=92e28d4684610444&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa3s7w6mf8qDRK-lokUo2iZdJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kemc2j50pfdvp
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	We are looking for passionate team-members who are driven to learn and problem solve and want to make a difference in the world through excellent software. We are focusing on building a world class engineering organization as we build a large-scale massive marketplace business. Our stack is Python (mostly Django) backend and AngularJS front end, built on AWS, using other tools like Redis, RabbitMQ, PhoneGap/Cordova and ElasticSearch. Most of our engineers are Full Stack engineers, responsible for everything going into a great client application, from data modeling through the API development to the client application and presentation layers. Strengths in certain areas of the stack are welcomed and celebrated. Qualifications: 4+ years development experience with a modern, scripting server-side MVC Framework 2 + years Django + Python 2+ years development experience with a modern, FE single-page app frameworks, ideally AngularJS and bonus for PhoneGap 4+ years experience working with client-side Javascript web application development 4+ years working with Relational Databases (SQL), Version Control (i.e. git), and Automated Testing 4+ experience working on high-availability, large-scale systems – some experience on consumer systems You have developed RESTful API endpoints, even better with Django REST Framework You have worked in agile development environments Bachelor of Computer Science or equivalent experience 	Software Engineer – Python / Django	Smith & Keller	New York	NY	New York, NY	Smith & Keller	Fri, 25 Sep 2015 03:02:43 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=20629b7f3450a59a&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa3s7w6mf8qDRK-lokUo2iZdJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kemc2j50pfdvp
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Teledyne LeCroy designs, manufactures and markets state of the art test and measurement equipment. Originally founded as LeCroy Corporation, the company was formed in 1964; the company was acquired by Teledyne Technologies (NYSE: TDY) in 2012 and now operates as a wholly owned subsidiary. Our Chestnut Ridge, NY (Rockland County) office is looking to add a SOFTWARE ENGINEER to our Product Development Group. Our products are built on sophisticated object oriented software programming techniques utilizing technologies such as ActiveX, WTL/ATL/COM, GDI toolset, DirectX, WDK, WDF with C++ as a primary programming language. This position will be responsible for: • Acquiring in depth knowledge of digital oscilloscope at functionality level as well as design level. • Working in a team environment to Debug, Diagnosis and fix various software issues reported by customers. • Working in a team environment to develop various software application/features for main various product line. Requirements: • Bachelors in Computer Science or Electrical Engineering • Masters in Computer Science or Electrical Engineering (preferred but not required) • 2+ years similar engineering experience • Working experience of C++ programming • Knowledge of digital and analog hardware electronics • Passion for quality and be a proactive thinker • Knowledge of oscilloscopes or other test and measurement instrumentation • Ability to work in a team environment • Must have good communication skills Also Desirable: • Experience of Windows based application programming • Experience of Microsoft Windows kernel level drivers • Knowledge of ATL/COM • Experience with Win CE or Windows Embedded platform Teledyne LeCroy provides an excellent learning environment with competitive pay &amp; benefits. You will have the opportunity to develop your engineering skills by working closely with our strong engineering talent and being hands on with our cutting edge technology. Teledyne is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex including sexual orientation, gender identity and pregnancy, national origin, disability, or protected Veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state, or local law. Job Requirements: • Bachelors in Computer Science or Electrical Engineering • Masters in Computer Science or Electrical Engineering (preferred but not required) • 2+ years similar engineering experience • Working experience of C++ programming • Knowledge of digital and analog hardware electronics • Passion for quality and be a proactive thinker • Knowledge of oscilloscopes or other test and measurement instrumentation • Ability to work in a team environment • Must have good communication skills	Software Engineer	Teledyne Technologies Incorporated	Chestnut Ridge	NY	Chestnut Ridge, NY	Teledyne Technologies Incorporated	Thu, 20 Aug 2015 18:20:14 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=506e0cac7e306b73&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa3s7w6mf8qDRK-lokUo2iZdJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kemc2j50pfdvp
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	(New York) We hire people we admire. At Airtime, this means you love a good challenge, dream big, get shit done and know how to have fun. Were growing fast, come join us! As an iOS software engineer you will work on difficult real-time video challenges. You will invent, contribute and implement new features from scratch. You will tackle tough engineering challenges like scalability, building amazing user interfaces and working with multi-stream video chat. You will craft a seamless and delightful mobile experience for millions of people. You will: Help lead the development of game-changing iOS apps Envision and build new and innovative product features Use expert knowledge of iOS platform to collaborate closely and guide product, design and server engineering teams and decisions Solve for challenging cient performance and scaling issues Improve and deliver reliable software through continuous integration, automated testing and code reviews You have: Succeed at bringing high-performance, innovative apps to the App Store A desire to own iOS development and challenge yourself to make an impact across user experience and backend code An eye for design Built universal applications that work across iPhone and iPad Comfort and delight in a small, intense, high-growth startup environment An understanding of large and complex code bases, including API design techniques to help keep them clean and maintainable Technologies we use: Objective-C/Cocoa Xcode iOS SDK OSX, Linux, JavaScript Git, RESTful APIs	Software Engineer, iOS	Elevate Recruiting Group	New York	NY	New York, NY	Elevate Recruiting Group	Tue, 29 Sep 2015 09:04:12 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=07d9c96424df0c32&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa3s7w6mf8qDRK-lokUo2iZdJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kemc2j50pfdvp
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Cloud Software Engineer – Elite Hedge Fund (150k - 220k) An elite macro economic hedge fund is looking for a Software Engineer to join a mission critical team to build out a world’s first cloud orchestration platform. You will be building a central cloud platform to be used by teams across the firm. This is a large scale infrastructure challenge where availability and data security is of critical importance. A large part of the platform will be released as open source. Requirements: Have had a major contribution to deploying enterprise level code Implemented Chef, Ansible, Jenkins Deployed services to AWS or Azure Had experience developing microservices 3 yrs exp in any of the following: Python, Bash, or Ruby Deep knowledge of data structures and algorithms	Cloud Software Engineer for Macro Economic Hedge Fund	Gambit Technologies	New York	NY	New York, NY	Gambit Technologies	Fri, 25 Sep 2015 08:30:26 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=79d5252e4fed257d&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa3s7w6mf8qDRK-lokUo2iZdJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kemc2j50pfdvp
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	About the Team: AppNexus develops and maintains both internal and external services to programmatically run applications without making a single database connection. Our back-end applications &amp; services are able to operate read/write access to the business objects that drive ad serving and bidding at AppNexus. These tools enhance complex workflow rules and validations, expose terabytes of ad serving analytics and performance data, and enable our clients to better analyze and optimize their campaigns. Our system is flexible and powerful enough to handle high-volume requests distributed across data centers on three continents! This is an energizing community of engineers committed to building dependable products – the software this team builds creates adaptable and resilient platforms that support our clients' growing needs as their businesses continuously expand. Consider Some of the Problems You Will Try to Solve: Overcoming scale challenges: How do we maintain speed, availability, and reliability as our client base grows and the number of objects and relationships within our system increases exponentially? Contribute to the growth of a mature platform as we continue to use open source technologies (such as Sphinx, Memcached, Java, Scala and the LAMP stack) to increase up-time and reduce latency. Build a new microservice-based platform , which enables our engineering teams to continue to grow and develop products quickly and with minimal bottlenecks. Build our own API framework for our internal Engineers that is light, powerful, and specifically optimized for our tasks, while removing potentially asynchronous tasks from the critical path to keep response times low. About the Job Design and Develop maintainable, reliable, scalable and testable enterprise-level, services-based software Collaborate within a small functional team with diverse technology backgrounds Deploy regular code releases to production and test environments Participate in design discussions about new features and approaches to implementing new services Provide mentorship and guidance to junior developers About Your Skills: BA/BS degree and 5+ years of experience OR MS degree and 1+ years of experience in software engineering (Degree in Computer Science or related field preferred) Thorough understanding and work experience in in any of the following languages: Java, Scala, Python Demonstrated skill in designing and architecting large systems Strong database skills Knowledge of RESTful Web services Experience writing unit and integration tests Ability to work independently and make use of your time effectively Experience using debuggers, profilers and other development tools More About You You are passionate about a culture of learning and teaching. You love challenging yourself to constantly improve, and sharing your knowledge to empower others You like to take risks when looking for novel solutions to complex problems. If faced with roadblocks, you continue to reach higher to make greatness happen You care about solving big, systemic problems. You look beyond the surface to understand root causes so that you can build long-term solutions for the whole ecosystem You believe in not only serving customers, but also empowering them by providing knowledge and tools Want to know more about AppNexus? Explore the links below to learn about our values, why we like to work here, and how we hire. #LI-TB2	Senior Software Engineer, Back End and Web Services	AppNexus	New York	NY	New York, NY	AppNexus	Fri, 25 Sep 2015 21:19:00 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=998db808e1451e7f&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0o-WW-dSnfqgAfKq4XW9tCJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kemhm71a4j0bf
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	We are looking for a talented server-side software engineer to help build and integrate next generation artificial intelligence systems to be used in mobile banking. The responsibilities are: Working closely with clients gathering specifications Defining, developing and maintaining web services and applications that consume them (REST, SOAP, JSON, AJAX etc.) Managing backend integrations Unit testing Working to improve application performance Building and integrating applications with Java, J2EE, Spring, Jersey, Guice, and Struts 2 What You Need for This Position Proficient with server-side development in Java and J2EE Experienced in API design and development Well Versed in SOAP and REST protocols Experience improving performance and ensuring scalability of web services and related data Bachelors or MS Degree in Computer Science or similar Banking / Financial services experience is a plus We welcome your cover letter with a description of a challenging project you worked on, salary history and resume. Send to careers@kasisto.com .	Java Software Engineer – Web Services	Kasisto	New York	NY	New York, NY	Kasisto	Fri, 07 Aug 2015 02:57:47 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=a3e51147e40d7d35&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0o-WW-dSnfqgAfKq4XW9tCJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kemhm71a4j0bf
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Why It's Great to Join Our Team Here's your opportunity to join a high growth healthcare technology startup. Backed and funded by industry leading healthcare companies, DocASAP is an early stage startup ready to explode. Our Culture We are a highly energetic, innovative high growth company. We strive to maintain a casual, professional and highly productive work environment for our team. DocASAP employees enjoy many perks. We have unlimited vacation policy, flexible working hours and great startup environment. We work hard and party even harder. Perks of the Job Competitive salary, amazing stock options, comprehensive medical insurance. What are we looking for We are seeking a ROCKSTAR engineer to join our team. If you have a passion for technology and have no inhibitions in jumping into technology areas you have never worked on before, read on. As a core member of our engineering team member you will wear multiple hats. At times, you will work as a technical lead, sometimes an architect, and sometimes a programmer. Candidates need to have deep CS skills with ability think at the high level. Successful candidates will have a superb technical background and a credible track record in the software engineering space, be passionate about their work, detail oriented and have excellent problem solving abilities To achieve the goals of the job, the responsibilities will include: Converting ideas into products How you will measure success Cranking out bug free features and capabilities at lightning speed Usability, scalability and efficiency of solutions Innovative thinking and eye for simplicity You are someone who Has solid analytical and algorithmic mind Has a passion for problem-solving, flexibility, comfort with ambiguity, creativity, hunger to constantly ask why?, and bias towards action Can code and architect software Understand databases, database optimizations and performance tuning Knows and loves the web and pertinent technologies, knowledge of PHP, MySQL, JavaScript, cloud hosting a plus Believes if it?s not tested, it?s not working Can write technical and functional specs Has Excellent communication skills Has high energy, strong work ethic, and results-orientation Has ability to work independently AND to ask for help as needed while being collaborative Your Background College degree required 4+ years work experience in web based technology Must love startups	Senior Software Engineer - Full Stack	DocASAP, Inc.	New York	NY	New York, NY	StartUpHire	Mon, 19 Oct 2015 09:11:23 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=aaa81a642626aec1&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0o-WW-dSnfqgAfKq4XW9tCJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kemhm71a4j0bf
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	RESPONSIBILITIES: Kforce has a client seeking an experienced Linux Engineer to join their monitoring agent development team in New York, New York (NY). This client is a known firm working with over 250 clients, including major brands such as Comcast, LinkedIn, Overstock, TripAdvisor, Wayfair, Priceline, and more have realized the benefit of this firm as a third party monitoring solution. The key to their value is the end-to-end visibility of the complete user experience that our clients are able to access. With 12 different monitor types, including browser, DNS, API, SSH, transaction, network path, and a number of others, the firms' users can synthetically monitor from 400+ locations around the world, getting real-time analytics across a broad variety of functionalities that make up their sites. REQUIREMENTS: 2-5 years of experience in C++, C#, or Java 2-5 years of experience developing for a Linux operating system (Debian/Ubuntu preferred)/Linux Kernel Knowledge of Internet/Web related protocols Experience of packet capture technologies (Wireshark) is a plus Experience with Virtualization platforms such as VMWare and VirtualBox Unit/Functional testing Writing client/server applications Strong analytical and algorithm design skills Detail oriented with great organization skills Willingness to learn and utilize emerging technologies Ability to mentor other team members Willingness to dig deeper to understand infrastructure/code/business Robust troubleshooting and analytical skills 	Linux Network Software Engineer - Elite Tech Firm	Kforce	New York	NY	New York, NY	Kforce	Wed, 23 Sep 2015 16:44:13 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=df4dd9441aa56971&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0o-WW-dSnfqgAfKq4XW9tCJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kemhm71a4j0bf
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	We are looking for a full-time engineer to join us at our Manhattan office to facilitate the development of cloud platform and software system. The ideal candidate will have experience developing reliable server software in Python that can scale effectively. Experience with AWS, distributed systems and restful APIs are a plus. Hitting the ground running, you will join a team of developers, who are in the process of developing a platform that has extremely unique characteristics and is very dynamic. You will be contributing to all aspects of software development, including architecture, infrastructure, testing, design, and programming. You will be crafting innovative solutions using service-oriented development, cloud-based services, and more. Ideal candidate will have: 5+ years experience with web backend technologies, i.e. Django, RabbitMQ 5+ years experience with database technologies, i.e. Postgres 3+ years experience with server side Python applications 3+ years experience with AWS Experience with API development and design Experience with NOSQL and SQL datastores Experience with scalability and reliability Knowledge of cloud based services Agile Development Environment Solid Documentation capabilities Excellent problem solving skills Test-driven development Compensation We offer a very compelling salary commensurate with experience and a complete benefits package (Health, Dental, Disability, 401k), education assistance (tuition reimbursement), paid vacation, holiday and sick/personal days. We're serious about finding good people and treating them well.	Senior Software Engineer - Backend	RAB Lighting	New York	NY	New York, NY	RAB Lighting	Tue, 11 Aug 2015 05:48:42 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=7327dbfde041ae79&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0o-WW-dSnfqgAfKq4XW9tCJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kemhm71a4j0bf
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Syntel INC hiring Entry level -* Software Engineer *in NYC,NY. Syntel INC. - Nationwide leading IT Outsourcing, IT consulting, and BPO firm offering managed IT services, Enterprise Business Solutions and Collaborative client partnerships. “Small enough to listen, Big enough to deliver”…. Let me brief you about this fast growing IT Corporation. We are into IT Application &amp; outsourcing. We are NASDAQ listed, and CMM Level 5 Co. We have been in the industry since 1980. Our revenue is estimated at $ 824 million with the staff strength of 23,000 + Global Workforce. Syntel partners with leading corporations across banking &amp; financial services, insurance, healthcare, life sciences, retail, logistics and manufacturing. The Company leverages dedicated vertical and service Centers of Excellence along with a flexible Global Delivery Model to deliver solutions that drive innovation, improve quality and reduce costs for Global 2000 clients. Our Development centers are situated across the Globe - USA (Arizona, Tennessee, Maryland, Oregon, North Carolina, New York, and Michigan), Germany, Singapore, UK, and India. Job Description: Responsibilities include: Supporting technology projects throughout the planning and delivery cycles. Deliver software development improvements. Support the development of Syntel’s best practices. Knowledge and experience of gathering data for requirements and use case development. Research and gather both business and technology requirements to support project initiatives. Perform analysis of existing or new processes to determine how to best enable and implement. Respond to Intersystem impact requests to get the impacted stake holders. Work closely with a highly synergized team of Project Managers and Technical resources. Ensure comprehensive, timely and quality delivery of all requests. Work with business facing analysis to determine and translate business requirements into technology solutions. Lead end-to-end research and analysis across multiple teams. Work closely with clients/customers to ensure alignment on technical solution. Ensure that all documentation meets/aligns with required compliance standards. Coordinate and monitor end-to-end testing activities. Responsible for the quality of deliverables in terms of the analysis report, technical design documentation, and the adherence to technical compliance standards. Proactively influencing, advising, and collaborating with Business and Technologies partners at all levels. Qualifications include: Associates, Bachelors or Master’s Degree in Computer Science or related field. Excellent verbal communication and written, with active listening and summarization skills. Excellent judgmental, interpersonal, communication skills and follow-through. Active listening and summarization skills. Willingness to relocate. Basic knowledge of Informatica technologies is a plus… All selected candidates will go through training related to post which they will be absorbed into active project. Required education: Bachelor's 	Entry level - Software Engineer	SYNTEL INC	New York	NY	New York, NY	Indeed	Thu, 13 Aug 2015 16:17:59 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=c4dd1021035c1187&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0o-WW-dSnfqgAfKq4XW9tCJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kemhm71a4j0bf
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Be a part of an agile team tasked in building the tools to deliver brilliantly simple cloud interfaces for both customers and internal users. Interface with powerful back-end technologies and deliver dynamic front end experiences. We are looking for a Software Engineer to help build and improve the software platform responsible for the operations and infrastructure of our cloud hosted VoIP service. The near-real-time and event driven user experience is an integral part of the human communications and ShoreTel is in the business of enabling and delivering on this brilliantly simple promise. The main responsibilities will involve creating and maintaining dynamic user interfaces for both the existing systems and new projects. Responsibilities: Design and support dynamic web user interfaces leveraging latest standards and technologies Work closely with the product owners and technical leads to understand the business requirements Participate in the back-end development process Have an understanding of all systems components to ensure that your software fits into the "big picture" Integrate services and modules into the ShoreTel platform Test and qualify code Deliver production software on deadline Participate in the design of new applications and features Requirements: 9+ years of experience in web application development 9+ years’ experience with C#, Java, or C++ Strong knowledge of JavaScript, HTML, AJAX, JSON, CSS Experience with the .NET platform Expertise with the principles and practice of object-oriented programming Education: B.S. in Computer Science, Software Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Computer Engineering or equivalent Required experience: Web Application Development: 5 years 	UI Design Senior Tech Lead Software Engineer	Shoretel, Inc.	New York	NY	New York, NY	Indeed	Fri, 14 Aug 2015 22:36:03 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=04cb11c11b83c007&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0o-WW-dSnfqgAfKq4XW9tCJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kemhm71a4j0bf
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Software Engineer in Test Looking for software engineers interested in building out test platform primarily in Java. Fantastic opportunity with a very successful company with cutting-edge technology and a staff consisting of many of the brightest technical talent in the world. Will relocate the right candidate. Will sponsor visa’s. Bachelor’s and/or Master’s degree from a top computer science program with a GPA of 3.5 or higher. PhD preferred. Top computer science program preferred (Carnegie Mellon University, Massachusetts Institute of Technology/MIT, Stanford University, University of California-Berkeley, Cornell University, University of Illinois-Urbana-Champaign, Princeton University, University of Washington, University of Texas-Austin, Georgia Institute of Technology, California Institute of Technology, University of Wisconsin-Madison, University of Michigan-Ann Arbor, etc. Responsibilities: -Implement, maintain and expand sophisticated automated test framework -Engineer the reduction of time to release -Significantly increase test coverage Qualifications: -Bachelor’s degree from a top computer science program and/or electrical engineering preferred with a strong GPA. Master’s degree preferred. -At minimum, 2-5 years of professional work experience in a Linux/Unix environment, using various programming languages (Java, Python, JavaScript, Groovy). -A passion for quality assurance, code quality and testing. -Demonstrated experience working with automated testing infrastructure and procedures for distributed and real-time systems. -Outstanding analytical and organization skills, and a team spirit.	Software Engineer In Test	Next Step Systems	New York	NY	New York, NY	Next Step Systems	Mon, 21 Sep 2015 06:34:21 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=458668e3dd753319&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0o-WW-dSnfqgAfKq4XW9tCJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kemhm71a4j0bf
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Software Support Engineer, New York City, NY New York NY Jobs, Software Support Engineer, C/C++, Linux Administration, Financial, New York Recruiters, Information Technology Jobs, IT 	Software Support Engineer	Next Step Systems	New York	NY	New York, NY	Next Step Systems	Thu, 24 Sep 2015 07:39:04 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=510eb1f822faa730&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0o-WW-dSnfqgAfKq4XW9tCJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kemhm71a4j0bf
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Why It's Great to Join Our Team Here's your opportunity to join a high growth healthcare technology startup. Backed and funded by industry leading healthcare companies, DocASAP is an early stage startup ready to explode. Our Culture We are a highly energetic, innovative high growth company. We strive to maintain a casual, professional and highly productive work environment for our team. DocASAP employees enjoy many perks. We have unlimited vacation policy, flexible working hours and great startup environment. We work hard and party even harder. Perks of the Job Competitive salary, amazing stock options, comprehensive medical insurance. What are we looking for We are seeking a ROCKSTAR developer to join our team. If you have a passion for technology and have no inhibitions in jumping into technology areas you have never worked on before, read on. As a member of our engineering team member you will wear multiple hats. To achieve the goals of the job, the responsibilities will include: Front end development using HTML, CSS, Jquery, Javascript, etc Working closely with UX Experts to convert ideas into web pages How you will measure success Cranking out bug free features and capabilities at lightning speed Compatibility of web pages across all browsers and platforms Innovative thinking and eye for simplicity You are someone who Has full understanding of front-end development technologies including JavaScript, CSS3, HTML 5, and DOM techniques Has strong user experience design skills and understanding of website usability Can interpret graphic design website mockups, logos, etc. and understand their value and put them into practice Is adept at creating responsive and cross browser compatible designs Is familiar with and able to work with various scripting languages and has backend coding experience Has experience with web-application frameworks like Laravel, AngularJS, etc. Is familiar with version control and version management systems like Git, SVN Thrives in a deadline-driven environment Believes if it?s not tested, it?s not working Can write technical and functional specs Has excellent communication skills Stays up-to-date on emerging technologies Your Background College degree required 4+ years work experience in front-end technology Must love startups	Sr. Software Engineer - Front End	DocASAP, Inc.	New York	NY	New York, NY	StartUpHire	Mon, 19 Oct 2015 09:11:23 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=04c08561e9f08d8c&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0o-WW-dSnfqgAfKq4XW9tCJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kemhm71a4j0bf
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Dynamic and innovative software development has propelled Interactive Brokers to 1 st place in the Barron’s Magazine “Electronic Broker” ranking for three years in a row. We’re growing our team -- so if you’re a high-energy, self-starting C++ software engineer, Interactive Brokers is the place for you. We take pride in providing our global client base with cutting-edge trading applications. Interactive Brokers was founded by a software engineer to rewrite the rules of trading by automating anything and everything. Software development is the lifeblood of our firm, and it shows. Our engineers command respect in the firm and have competitive compensation packages. Junior and Senior level positions are available. Responsibilities: Brokerage trading platform development and maintenance. C++ software development for UNIX server. Qualifications: Technically oriented, proactive, and enthusiastic, with extreme attention to detail. Bachelor’s in EE, CS, Math, Physics or similar (masters/PhD a plus). English written/verbal communication skills. C++, Object Oriented Programming, Networking, STL Working, in-depth knowledge of data structures and algorithms 	Software Engineer - C++	Interactive Brokers	Greenwich	CT	Greenwich, CT	Interactive Brokers	Thu, 27 Aug 2015 06:06:38 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=a224fb7389ca72d7&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0o-WW-dSnfqgAfKq4XW9tCJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kemhm71a4j0bf
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	The Software Engineer (Back-End) will be accountable for developing and maintaining key modules of the V12 Group's suite of SaaS applications. You will be working on a next generation product. Location Red Bank, NJ Responsibilities bull Design, develop and modify modules based on functional and system requirements bull Work closely with Product Owner for understanding the functional and system requirements bull Provide feedback during design and code peer reviews bull Adhere to software team's established processes and tools bull Participate in sprint planning and estimating bull Contribute ideas for process improvement, including coding practices, standards and tools bull Work closely with Software Engineers to ensure architectural integrity and product quality bull Engage in continuous self-improvement of technical and communications skills bull Solid understanding of OOPOOD Principles bull Participate in testing process through unit testing and bug fixes bull Strong ability to debug code quickly and efficiently bull Maintain awareness of deadlines and priorities bull All other duties as assigned Position Requirements Formal Education Certification bull BSBA degree in Computer Science, Information Systems or related field Like to Haves bull 5+ years in a working environment bull 3+ years developing high-performance, highly available, and scalable applications bull C .NET bull Experience with distributed, large scale systems. Build large scale systems that handle millions of transactions daily. bull Good network understanding Http, TCP, UDP bull Message queue technology bull SQL Server Databases (SQL Queries, Stored Procedures, Database Triggers) bull Familiarity building multithreaded applications bull Service-oriented architectures SOA Experience bull Web Services (REST, SOAP) bull Basic Design Patterns (Repository Pattern, Singleton, UnitOfWork Pattern, Dependency Injection) Other valuable skills bull ADO.NET ORM Entity Framework, NHibernate bull Java, GO, RUST bull PostgreSQL bull AgileScrum methodologies bull WebAPI, WCF bull Microservices Architecture bull Familiar with Caching systems Personal Attributes bull Experience at working both independently and in a team-oriented, collaborative environment is essential bull Analytical and problem-solving capabilities bull Strong written and oral communication skills bull A self starter and motivated to push the limits and think outside of the box Check us out at httpwww.v12groupinc.com C#, .Net, SQL, web services, developer, software engineer, WCF	Software Engineer Back-End	V12 Group	Red Bank	NJ	Red Bank, NJ	Dice	Sat, 10 Oct 2015 00:28:49 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=c5fa3a90512c77af&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0o-WW-dSnfqgAfKq4XW9tCJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kemhm71a4j0bf
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Are you a Ruby on Rails Engineer looking to work on B2B platforms rather than the litany of ecommerce sites found in NYC Do you have experience building and scaling RoR applications Are you a Ruby on Rails Engineer interested in working with a team of stellar engineers where you'll have the opportunity to learn and grow from other engineers If so, please read on. Founded in 2008, we have over $35M in funding and are changing the way local businesses use technology to complete sales and analyze inventory. We are allowing small businesses to succeed with our proprietary mobile platform. Located in SoHo, we are looking for a talented Ruby on Rails Engineer who is passionate about the open source community and thrives on discovering new technologies and techniques! We strive to provide an environment where our employees flourish. We offer everything from ongoing training and catered meals, to in office yoga and happy hours! WHAT YOU WILL BE DOING: Building out our robust back end applications in Ruby on Rails Utilizing Ruby to develop and create new features for our customers Participating in code reviews Bring creativity to the table WHAT YOU NEED: Extensive experience working with Ruby on Rails Strong experience building and scaling applications Bachelor’s preferred but not required Strong contributions to the coding community (Githubs rock!) Experience with B2B solutions a huge plus WHAT YOU GET: Competitive salary Health Benefits Catered meals and stocked kitchen Happy hours and ski trips So if you’re a Ruby on Rails Engineer looking to join a company that truly wants you to love where you work, then apply now!	Senior Software Engineer - Ruby on Rails – B2B Commerce Platform	FILD	New York	NY	New York, NY	FILD	Sat, 10 Oct 2015 09:13:13 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=5ee8b62123779044&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0o-WW-dSnfqgAfKq4XW9tCJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kemhm71a4j0bf
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Want to get involved with a team that builds products used by Billion $$$ companies? This is it! We ideally need someone in or around our Mclean, VA office, but are open to the possibilities of someone being remote. What do we do? We deliver a comprehensive suite of products and solutions designed to help customers identify and manage risk. We leverage our market-leading solutions to help our clients with analytics on cyber security, threat finance, insider threat detection, and risk management issues. Although we are based in McLean, VA, our talented development team works remote in NJ, VA, NY, MA and other area in the Mid-Atlantic and North East. What’s the job? As a Senior Software Engineer on the our team, you will be working products that deliver global data using advanced search, perform big data ingestion and analytical processing using tools like Scala, Grails, MongoDB, ElasticSearch, R, and Hadoop as well as building leading edge web applications. We work closely with members of the analytical and development staff to capture customer requirements and design new solutions. You will be working with an extensive codebase, but this role is a great opportunity to engage in new development. Responsibilities: You will be part of the core development team and will design implement and deliver software solutions as well as enhance and support existing applications. You will engage the analytical staff to gather requirements, generate ideas, and develop documentation. You will demo new software solutions as needed. You will learn and expand your skill set on the job. You will be expected to own your work and be passionate about its success. What do you need for this role? This role requires an engineer who is comfortable with data-intensive systems as well as frontend UI development. We like people that know they are great at what they do, but enjoy learning, growing, and expanding their skill. You must be a US Citizen with the ability to pass a thorough background and possible government security clearance The ability to work in a team as well as independently with little supervision Excellent articulation and communication skills Scala MongoDB The ability to work remote We pride ourselves in using cutting edge technologies and investing into the knowledge it takes to fully utilize them. Our Engineering team has some of the best in the industry, support each other on all levels and communicates effectively on all fronts. If you’re interested in hearing more about this role, apply today for immediate consideration.	Remote: Scala & MongoDB - Software Engineer	Averity	New York	NY	New York, NY	Averity	Fri, 18 Sep 2015 01:05:51 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=8c1cebf7548f4292&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0o-WW-dSnfqgAfKq4XW9tCJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kemhm71a4j0bf
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	MOUNTAIN, LTD. is currently seeking a Software Systems Engineer for a major client in Basking Ridge, NJ. Description: This role will be responsible for performing data analysis to support device certification creating statistical models to drive the decisions with the aim of reducing the device certification costs while ensuring good device quality. Data collection and queries from OEMs, test labs, return center, quality center. Manage and optimize device analytics databases on a daily basis. Perform data mining to study device performance, quantify device quality, and evaluate device readiness Visualize the analytical results using data visualization tools. Using Tableau Server to design and implement dashboard to visualize the analysis results. The candidate should have a solid background in data analysis, wireless, and statistics. Requirements: Bachelor/Master Degree in Electrical Engineering, Computer Science, or Statistics 3-5+ years’ experience in Wireless industry required Must be proficient in the use of MySQL, Tableau, MS Excel, VBA, TeraData SQL, and MS SQL. Must be proficient in the programming languages of R, Python, VBA, and Java Scripts. Data extraction/transformation/loading, data mining experience required. Strong analytical capabilities, creativity and critical thinking required Required experience: Wireless industry required: 3 years 	Software Systems Engineer	Mountain, LTD	Basking Ridge	NJ	Basking Ridge, NJ	Indeed	Wed, 05 Aug 2015 21:21:04 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=6a599f3029bfa4bb&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0o-WW-dSnfqgAfKq4XW9tCJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kemhm71a4j0bf
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	At ShoreTel, our BOSS - Billing Operations Support Systems Engineers are responsible for building and improving the software platform responsible for the operations and infrastructure of our hosted VoIP service delivery platform. We are critical to ShoreTel because we get to work on integrating communication features such as video conferencing, IM, mobility and online collaboration into a single easy-to-use solution. We are the reason ShoreTel is “brilliantly simple.” We think of work as something you do, not a place you go to. Our products are built for the way you work today and we work together as a team to make things we’re all proud of! Do you get excited by? Technical challenges: understanding of all systems components to ensure that our software fits into the "big picture" Dynamic environment; you also have to like autonomy and want ownership of your work Working with technology like C#, Java, C++, .NET Apply and see if you have what it takes to be part of the revolution of user-friendly products of tomorrow! Responsibilities: Deliver production software on deadline Work closely with the product owners and technical leads to understand the business requirements Have an understanding of all systems components to ensure that your software fits into the "big picture" Integrate services and modules into the ShoreTel platform Test and qualify all code Participate in the design of new applications and features Requirements: 3+ years’ experience with C#, Java, or C++ Experience with the .NET platform Expertise with the principles and practice of object-oriented programming Experience with large scale database applications using SQL (MS or Oracle) Knowledge of computer telephony, audio codecs, and Voice over IP a plus Education: B.S. in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering or Computer Engineering Required experience: Experience with C#, Java, or C++ on .NET Platform: 3 years 	Senior Software Engineer	Shoretel, Inc.	New York	NY	New York, NY	Indeed	Fri, 07 Aug 2015 23:51:04 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=4ef04ca0cf4d09a9&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0o-WW-dSnfqgAfKq4XW9tCJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kemhm71a4j0bf
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	DESCRIPTION: Catchpoint is looking for an experienced software engineer to join our monitoring agent development team. Our agent software makes automated transactions over various protocols and various browsers to collect performance metrics which are sent to and analyzed by our backend analytics platform. The team operates as an R&amp;D department which researches various protocols, browsers, clients, and Operating Systems with the goal to automate, monitor, and measure metrics that map browser or client activities to the end user experience. EXPERIENCE: 5+ years experience in C/C++, C#, or Java White-hat security research on Windows applications or the Windows OS Writing extensions/plugins for Internet Explorer, Chrome, or Mozilla Firefox Writing device drivers for Windows In-depth experience with TCP/IP protocol In-depth experience of packet capture technologies (Wireshark) Experience with WinInet, WinHTTP or Winsock desirable. Familiarity with: Knowledge of .NET framework Knowledge of the Windows API Unit/Functional testing Knowledge of protocols UDP, HTTP, DNS, etc Writing client/server applications SKILLS: Strong analytical and algorithm design skills. Detail oriented with great organization skills. Willingness to learn and utilize emerging technologies. Willingness to jump in and assist. Ability to mentor other team members. Willingness to dig deeper to understand infrastructure/code/business. REQUIREMENTS: BS or MS degree in Computer Science or related major COMPENSATION: We offer great benefits along with a stable and professional work environment, health insurance, and stock options. OVERVIEW: Catchpoint Systems offers wide-ranging and easy-to-use web monitoring tools that allow businesses to discover and fix problems with their websites before they impact end users, ultimately saving revenue and time, and preserving their brand in the eyes of consumers. Using Catchpoint’s customizable dashboards, analytics capabilities, and innovative alerting system, DevOps professionals can rest easy knowing that their synthetic monitoring needs are taken care of, and that their sites’ speed, availability, and reliability are maximized. At the same time, Catchpoint’s Real User Measurement solution ensures that the sites’ critical conversion paths are optimized to the fullest extent. Over 250 clients, including major brands such as Comcast, LinkedIn, Overstock, TripAdvisor, Wayfair, Priceline, and more have realized the benefit of Catchpoint as a third party monitoring solution. The key to our value is the end-to-end visibility of the complete user experience that our clients are able to access. With 12 different monitor types, including browser, DNS, API, SSH, transaction, network path, and a number of others, Catchpoint users can synthetically monitor from 400+ locations around the world, getting real-time analytics across a broad variety of functionalities that make up their sites.	Software Engineer (Browsers)	Catchpoint Systems	New York	NY	New York, NY	Catchpoint Systems	Thu, 13 Aug 2015 06:49:49 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=99a8abb2254fa73e&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0o-WW-dSnfqgAfKq4XW9tCJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kemhm71a4j0bf
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Very small consumer facing web company with millions and millions of users is seeking an experienced Software Engineer with strong full-stack web development + current Scala development skills. Will consider strong web developers with other functional programming experience e.g. Clojure, Erlang, F# but have a strong preference for someone with Web App development in Scala. Lots of new Scala web development with new features constantly being pushed to the site and iOS app to be used by millions and millions of consumers. Brand new Android App is part of their road map - great opportunity for an experienced Web Developer to gain native iOS and Android mobile development experience. This is a key engineering hire for the company and would be willing to relocate an experienced Scala Developer. Company and core development team is in a great location in mid-town Manhattan NYC. Strong preference is for the new Scala Engineer to work in NYC but they are also open to this new Scala Engineer working out of the Boston office. Base salaries are highly competitive plus they offer bonuses (10-15%) + a very healthy amount of stock options and seriously awesome benefits, including free health insurance for employees and a tons of perks. Interested? Please forward your resume to Bivium Group founder jamie@biviumgroup.com for careful and confidential consideration. Or, feel free to call Jamie at 781.640.3799. Under no circumstances will your resume be distributed, unless the specific opportunity has been discussed and consent has been given. For more info on Jamie, visit www.bit.ly/JMEmobile from your mobile phone. The Bivium Group is a premier recruitment firm that specializes in software engineering and data science, for the past 12+ years. Bivium's network consists of the brightest software entrepreneurs and engineers at some of the hottest startups and privately held companies in Boston and NYC - places you have never even heard of. Many Bivium jobs are not posted in order to protect the anonymity of the software companies we are closely partnered with. Bivium founder Jamie LeBlanc has a degree in Mechanical Engineering and has been a part of several startups - a technical software recruiter who actually understands technology. Jamie is a top ranked technical recruiter in Boston, w/65+ written linkedin endorsements , that has been expertly recruiting and placing Software Engineers and Data Scientists for over 15 years. --- Visit our website to view more of Boston's Best Software jobs: www.BiviumGroup.com/Search Jobs are updated frequently so please check back regularly. - You can also Sign-up for our job alert email to be automatically notified of any new jobs meeting your criteria: www.BiviumGroup.com/JobAlert --- computer science, data structures, senior software engineer, lead software engineer, scala, akka, lift, play, slick, spray, functional programming, f#, clojure, erlang, java, python, hadoop, node.js, javascript, angular, scala, web framework, open source, elasticsearch, lucene, solr, big data, mysql, postgresql, full-stack, web development, nosql, cloud, mobile, consumer facing, millions of users, ios, large scale web, New York City, NYC, Manhattan, Boston, software engineer jobs, jamie leblanc, bivium, #jamiejobs	Senior Software Engineer, Scala Web Development for consumer site/mobile	The Bivium Group	Manhattan	NY	Manhattan, NY	The Bivium Group	Thu, 01 Oct 2015 08:39:51 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=b450075dcf6451c2&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0o-WW-dSnfqgAfKq4XW9tCJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kemhm71a4j0bf
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Freestyle Solutions is a leading provider of multi-channel software solutions for small and mid-size retailers and fulfillment houses. We are seeking talented team players with world-class skills who thrive in an entrepreneurial, high-energy and challenging environment. We are currently recruiting for an experienced Senior Software Engineer team leader who will work with a team of .NET developers to enhance and deliver our SaaS software solutions. This highly visible position is focused on the company’s flagship new product. KEY RESPONSIBILITIES Participate in all aspects of the product development life cycle from design to delivery Work closely with the product managers, infrastructure and other development teams Work closely with the product and company leadership teams to deliver innovative, world-class SaaS solutions Contribute to the application architecture with a focus on scalability, maintainability, security and performance REQUIREMENTS 10+ years of software development experience delivering commercial software products that meet or exceed expectations, on time and on budget. 2+ years of experience delivering SaaS software solutions. 5+ years of C development experience at a senior level. Experience in pattern and practices in multi-tenant system. Expertise in .NET, ASP.NET, n-tier development, MVC, SOA and WCFWFMSMQ development. Familiar with AngularJS. Familiar with AWS and Amazon Services. Familiar with ORM, IOC pattern and frameworks. Fluent in MSSQL Server, DB design and programming. Familiar with Web Services and technologies including SOAP and REST Familiar with security mechanisms, including web and web service security and their implementations. Experience in cloud based software development, deployment and management. A fan and advocate of unit testing, automation and test-driven development. Strong knowledge of quality processes and a track record of delivering high quality code. Work with teams including domestic and offshore staff in multiple locations. Bachelor’s degree, or Computer Science Software Engineering degree or related work experiences a strong plus. Freestyle Solutions (formerly Dydacomp) has been in business for over 25 years and continuously rewards work well done. Fun, friendly but intensive work environment, competitive compensation plan and a health and benefits package including a matching 401(k) contribution. To learn more about us, please visit us online at, www.freestylesolutions.com httpwww.freestylesolutions.com . .net; asp.net; soap, rest	Senior Software Engineer	Freestyle Solutions, Inc.	Parsippany	NJ	Parsippany, NJ	Dice	Sun, 18 Oct 2015 04:51:14 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=19d70d7a45579d9c&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0o-WW-dSnfqgAfKq4XW9tCJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kemhm71a4j0bf
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Job Summary: We’re looking to hire a full-time MEAN-stack software engineer to join our team. In this role you will be directly responsible for helping to design and deliver solutions across the entire software stack to effectively meet customer needs and drive innovation in the third-party risk management space. Job Location: Warren, NJ 07059 General Requirements: Developers with 4-5+ years of experience in high complexity N-Tier software applications development using modern programming languages and open source tools and technologies, with deep analytical skills, knowledge of test driven and agile software development concepts, desire to work in distributed, agile, enthusiastic, high performance team, creating complex enterprise level software systems, using modern software development approaches. Responsibilities: RESTful service design and implementation using Node.js and MongoDb UI design and implementation using Angular.js Write manageable, performant and scalable code for data processing and management Analyze and troubleshoot application issues across the entire stack Practice standard development process leveraging agile methodologies Commit to producing high quality results, while meeting deadlines of the software release cycle Be able to work in a team as well as without close supervision Review and analyze business requirements in order to develop sound technical requirements and time estimates Actively use issue tracking, distributed version control and continuous integration systems Successful candidates must have exposure to the following technologies: Node.js using Express.js Angular.js MongoDb using mongoose.js Successful candidates should have exposure to one or more of the following technologies and concepts: Advanced knowledge of web-development practices, middleware class library development with knowledge of object oriented and service oriented design Highly available systems and performance engineering Muli-tenancy design/implementation Compensation: Competitive salary based on experience. EOE offering 401K match, Stock Option Program, Health, Vision and Dental Insurance, Paid Time Off, Paid Holidays, Disability and Life Insurance Employer Paid Policies, Job Type: Full-time Required experience: Developers with 4-5+ years of experience in high complexity N-Tier software applications development: 5 years Required education: Bachelor's 	Software Engineer / Developer, IT Industry	Prevalent, Inc.	Edison	NJ	Edison, NJ	Indeed	Mon, 24 Aug 2015 15:45:04 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=34ca727dd1e4466b&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0o-WW-dSnfqgAfKq4XW9tCJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kemhm71a4j0bf
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	A real-estate analytics company is seeking a Software Engineer to come on board and help work on their high traffic platform. This company is used by qualified brokers, lenders and investors to find out real-estate information before it reaches the public. So far, they have processed over 64 million documents, crunched 10 billion data points, and covered 3.5 million properties. They're expanding drastically by the end of 2015 and this is a perfect opportunity to jump on board to a well-funded startup in an industry with low risk/high reward! Required Skills 4 + years of software engineering experience Must have Experience with Python AND Java Willing to learn Scala Node.js experience a huge bonus Experience building data-driven web apps with emphasis on strong software design methodologies Benefits Health benefits, 401K, Potential for Equity, PTO,	Software Engineer	Workbridge Associates	New York	NY	New York, NY	Workbridge Associates	Wed, 16 Sep 2015 01:51:56 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=22c2623b4302736b&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0o-WW-dSnfqgAfKq4XW9tCJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kemhm71a4j0bf
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	We are looking for senior backend engineers to join our team of talented engineers that share a common interest in distributed backend systems, their scalability and continued development. You will build the backend systems that power our application, scale highly distributed systems, and continuously improve our engineering practices. Above all, your work will impact the way the world experiences music. What you’ll do Be a technical leader within the team you work with and within Spotify in general. Coordinate technical projects across teams within Spotify. Facilitate collaboration with other engineers, product owners, and designers to solve interesting and challenging problems for delivering various media worldwide. Be a valued member of an autonomous, cross-functional agile team. Architect, design, develop, deploy and operate Java services that serve millions of users in a DevOps manner. Be a leader of the Spotify-wide backend developer community affecting and driving our architecture across the company Hack on what you want during regular hack days and bi-annual hack weeks. Work from our awesome office in New York City where we solve problems in Monetization, Music Recommendations, Features for Artists, and Social Networking. Who you are You are an experienced technical leader. You know how to write distributed, high-volume services in Java. You are experienced with deploying and operating services on Linux. You have a deep understanding of system design, data structures, and algorithms. You care about quality and you know what it means to ship high quality code. We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.	Senior Backend Software Engineer	Spotify	New York	NY	New York, NY	Spotify	Mon, 31 Aug 2015 22:14:13 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=95858bb19778670c&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0o-WW-dSnfqgAfKq4XW9tCJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kemhm71a4j0bf
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	G3 Technologies is looking for a skilled and self-motivated Software Engineer to become part of our talented team to work closely with other talented individuals in a challenging and rewarding environment where everyone is a contributor and opportunity abounds. As a team member, you will be:  Supporting development of G3’s diverse set of products which range from complete wireless test networks to mobile phone applications and custom wireless devices and much more  Hands-on: design, code, test, and integrate and customer sup port  Exposed to full life cycle of product, part of a quick reaction development team  Expected to travel occasionally to interface with customers and provide on-site technical support Mandatory Job Qualifications  Minimum 10+ years experience as Software Engineer  BSEE  Linux development  Development of Multi-tasking/Multi-Threaded solutions  Strong programming skills with experience in C or C++  Experience with at least one commercial source control tool (VSS, Subversion, CVS, etc.)  Good understanding of TCP/IP and coding of TCP/IP distributed systems architectures  Excellent problem solving skills and ability to work well without detailed requirements  Excellent verbal and written communication skills Candidates must possess strong familiarity with one or more of the following focus areas:  Embedded: Real-time software development using Linux, Android, or other commercial embedded kernels  Wireless Protocol development: TCP/IP, LTE, GSM, UMTS, S1, Iub, Iuh, RANAP etc. Bonus Qualifications  MSEE  Mobile phone development: Android, IOS, Windows Mobile, Symbian, J2ME, etc.  Java, GUI or Web-based interfaces  mySQL or similar embedded database solutions  Development of wireless communications modules/networks (Radios, demodulators, transmitters and receivers, etc.)  Leadership experience Company Overview and Culture G3 Technologies, Inc. is a technology based company that develops innovative wireless products and solutions for customers worldwide. We are a nimble, non-bureaucratic company characterized by technological innovation, extraordinary effort and dedication to our customers and employees. The atmosphere is fast-paced and agile, shifting rapidly to meet the pressing needs of our customers. Team mentality, excellent work ethic, initiative, innovation and an entrepreneurial spirit are key factors to your success here. We have offices in several locations and offer competitive salary and benefits including 401K matching. This opportunity for employment is at our New Providence, New Jersey office.	Senior Software Engineer	G3 Technologies, Inc.	New Providence	NJ	New Providence, NJ	G3 Technologies, Inc.	Mon, 14 Sep 2015 08:21:02 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=ac9c3f102c7f596c&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0o-WW-dSnfqgAfKq4XW9tCJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kemhm71a4j0bf
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	DESCRIPTION: Catchpoint is looking for an experienced Linux engineer to join our monitoring agent development team. Our agent software makes automated transactions over various protocols and various browsers to collect performance metrics which are sent and analyzed by our backend analytics platform. The team operates as an R&amp;D department which researches various protocols, browsers, clients, and Operating Systems with the goal to automate, monitor, and measure metrics that map browser or client activities to the end user experience. This role will deal with expanding our capabilities to the Linux world. EXPERIENCE: 2-5 years experience in C++, C#, or Java 2-5 years experience developing for a Linux operating system (either RedHat/Centos or Debian/Ubuntu)/Linux Kernel In depth knowledge of Internet/Web related protocols In depth experience of packet capture technologies (Wireshark) Experience with debugging on the Linux platform FAMILIARITY WITH: Experience with Virtualization platforms such as KVM and LXC. Unit/Functional testing Writing client/server applications SKILLS: Strong analytical and algorithm design skills Detail oriented with great organization skills Willingness to learn and utilize emerging technologies Ability to mentor other team members. Willingness to dig deeper to understand infrastructure/code/business Robust troubleshooting and analytical skills. REQUIREMENTS: BS or MS degree in Computer Science or related major COMPENSATION: We offer great benefits along with a stable and professional work environment, health insurance, and stock options. OVERVIEW: Catchpoint Systems offers wide-ranging and easy-to-use web monitoring tools that allow businesses to discover and fix problems with their websites before they impact end users, ultimately saving revenue and time, and preserving their brand in the eyes of consumers. Using Catchpoint’s customizable dashboards, analytics capabilities, and innovative alerting system, DevOps professionals can rest easy knowing that their synthetic monitoring needs are taken care of, and that their sites’ speed, availability, and reliability are maximized. At the same time, Catchpoint’s Real User Measurement solution ensures that the sites’ critical conversion paths are optimized to the fullest extent. Over 250 clients, including major brands such as Comcast, LinkedIn, Overstock, TripAdvisor, Wayfair, Priceline, and more have realized the benefit of Catchpoint as a third party monitoring solution. The key to our value is the end-to-end visibility of the complete user experience that our clients are able to access. With 12 different monitor types, including browser, DNS, API, SSH, transaction, network path, and a number of others, Catchpoint users can synthetically monitor from 400+ locations around the world, getting real-time analytics across a broad variety of functionalities that make up their sites.	Linux Network Software Engineer	Catchpoint Systems	New York	NY	New York, NY	Catchpoint Systems	Thu, 13 Aug 2015 06:49:50 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=e957b55a9390c1cb&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0o-WW-dSnfqgAfKq4XW9tCJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kemhm71a4j0bf
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Design, develop and modify software applications. Develop and direct software programming and create documentation. Review requirements and finalize software specifications by meeting with systems analysts, engineers, programmers and developers. Supervise programmers. Use ASP.Net MVC, .Net, C, VS, SQL SERVER, WCF, Web services, Win services, Ajax, Java Script, JQuery, HTTP, MSMQ, EF, Angular JS, VB.NET httpVB.NET , XML, HTML, SSRS, SSIS, Crystal Reports, NUnit, MS test, Telerik RadControls, TDD, TFS,VSS. Work is at unanticipated project sites throughout the US, with infrequent relocations. No other travel is involved. TO APPLY Include job title and separate ID of any of the above positions for which you are qualified as well as your contact information. Please specify which of the requirements you do and do not have, and explain why you are qualified for the position. Also indicate whether any type of immigration sponsorship is neededdesired. Please send your Word format resume to usjobssmtworks.com mailtousjobssmtworks.com . Requirements Bachelor’s degree (Computer Science, Engineering, Math, Business Administration or related) and 5 years of progressively responsible experience in any software developmentprogramming occupation, including at least 2 years with ASP.Net MVC, AJAX, C, JavaScript, SSIS, SSAS, TDD, TFS, WCF, Web Services, XML and VSS. As equivalent employer will accept a related Master’s degree and 2 years’ experience in any software developmentprogramming occupation, including at least 2 years with ASP.Net MVC, AJAX, C, JavaScript, SSIS, SSAS, TDD, TFS, WCF, Web Services, XML and VSS. See description below for skills &amp; worksite location* details.	Software Engineers #5506343	SmartWorks	Edison	NJ	Edison, NJ	Dice	Thu, 15 Oct 2015 14:53:40 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=0be61c224beabdf7&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0o-WW-dSnfqgAfKq4XW9tCJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kemhm71a4j0bf
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	FactSet is currently seeking a talented and motivated Senior Software Engineer with experience leading a team of engineers to join the Machine Learning and Language Technologies (MLT) Group. The primary responsibility for this position will be conceptualizing the development of systems for natural language analysis, classification tasks, information retrieval, machine translation, processing of financial data and building Machine Learning as a Service to internal teams. An ideal candidate for this position has a good mix of technical and analytical skills for software development, as well as a research-oriented background suitable for developing novel solutions for language processing tasks. Job Requirements : + Solid foundation in Natural Language Processing/Machine Learning/AI + BS, MS, or PhD in CS/Mathematics/Stats or a related discipline + 3+ years of relevant Industry Experience building ML/NLP systems + Strong proficiency with Java or Python + Experience leading a team of engineers + Familiarity with Open Source Machine Learning/NLP toolkits + Knowledge of Distributed Systems, Databases : SQL, NoSQL + Strong verbal and written communication skills Highly Desired: + Financial/Investment/Business knowledge Benefits: + Work-Life balance + Free lunch + Dental, Medical and Vision Plans + Transit Benefits + 401k match + Employee Stock Purchase Plan FactSet Research Systems is a major supplier of online integrated financial and economic information for analysts, portfolio managers, investment bankers and other financial professionals. FactSet combines more than 200 databases into a single online information system that is a comprehensive, one-stop source of financial information and analytics. FactSet, a leading provider of financial information and analytics, helps the world’s best investment professionals outperform. FactSet is a financial data and software company headquartered in Norwalk, Connecticut with offices in 35 locations worldwide. On May 31, 2014, annual revenues totaled $932 million and employee headcount passed 6,300. FactSet has been publicly traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol FDS since 1996 and on NASDAQ under the same symbol since 2009. Once again this year, FactSet is listed as one of FORTUNE’s “100 Best Places to Work” and one of Forbes’ “200 Best Small Companies. FactSet Research Systems Inc. is an E-Verify participant and EOE/M/F/D/V Employer which strongly supports diversity in the workforce. Equal Opportunity Employment Policy It is the policy of FactSet Research Systems Inc. ("FactSet") to provide equal employment and advancement opportunities to all qualified employees and applicants for employment regardless of their race, color, religion, sex, age, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, physical or mental disability, genetic information, protected veteran status, pregnancy, military or military reserve obligations, or any other class or status protected by law. This policy applies to all policies and procedures related to recruitment, hiring, training, promotion, compensation, benefits, transfer, discharge, and other terms and conditions of employment. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability or protected veteran status. If you have questions concerning this policy, please contact the Human Resources department at +1 (203) 810-1000. 	Senior Software Engineer - Machine Learning and Language Technology	FactSet Research Systems	New York	NY	New York, NY	FactSet Research Systems	Fri, 31 Jul 2015 07:26:46 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=35d8a1eef57339f9&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0w4WsD8d___N2uorwkJoITJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kemm7b18gi1ko
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	At Yodle, we use cutting-edge technology to give nimble business owners a competitive advantage in their customer interactions. We work on a broad range of business initiatives and objectives by leveraging a wide set of technologies and tools. Our tech stack is based on Java, Angular, Play, and Scala. Our purpose-built applications are designed as microservices and integrate with technologies such as Kafka, Storm, Elasticsearch, MongoDB, and Redis. We have a leading-edge continuous deployment pipeline that leverages Mesos, Docker, Marathon, Puppet, and Bamboo to provide rapid on-demand releases. Our developers, product managers and business representatives work in an agile process to efficiently deliver high value solutions to our small business customers. A great Engineer at Yodle is: Interested in solving challenging business problems with elegant software. Well-versed in software engineering principles and system design. A top-notch developer who enjoys building software products and quickly seeing how they work in the real world. Someone who enjoys working on a team of inspired, interesting and super-smart engineers. Excited to contribute in a rapidly growing and successful software company. Beyond that: You find passion in helping small businesses compete with the big guys. You’re kind of a data nerd and enjoy tracking and measuring performance to figure out ways to improve (and to find interesting patterns). You know how to have fun while you work. What you’ll do at Yodle: Work on everything from backend, user-interface, and content management to messaging, database systems, and web services. You’ll design, code, test and run the systems. Solve complex and challenging business problems with cutting edge technologies. Innovate. We constantly improve our core products and turn a prescient eye to the industry. Explore new technologies and have fun finding the best tools. While Java is our predominant language, we use Scala, JavaScript, Python, and Clojure as well. Some other technologies we tried that stuck: Zookeeper, RabbitMQ, Angular.js, and Git. Mentor Junior Engineers in best practices Identify and implement process improvements Lead Technical Trainings Assist in the recruiting process What you should have for this role: Excellent coding and design skills. You make software that works and can be tested and maintained. BA/BS or advanced degree in Computer Science or similar field. 5+ years experience. SQL proficiency, particularly PostgreSQL, is nice. To Apply Two options: Use the Apply Now button at the top of the page Or to get your resume to the top of the stack, solve one of the problems below: Triangle Juggle Fest * *This problem is a bit more difficult so if you really want to jump to the front of the line, try this one.	Senior Software Engineer	Yodle	New York	NY	New York, NY	Yodle	Wed, 05 Aug 2015 10:45:36 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=3a2820f8750eb285&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0w4WsD8d___N2uorwkJoITJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kemm7b18gi1ko
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	About the Company: PlaceIQ is a rapidly growing, venture-funded “Big Data” business with tremendous opportunity to become the market leader in the exploding location intelligence marketplace. Starting with an extensive library of unstructured/unrelated geospatial, temporal and social data, PlaceIQ transforms location data into hyper-targeted audiences and unique insights, providing an unparalleled ability to define, reach and learn about U.S. consumers in an increasingly mobile world. The Role: As a member of our Engineering team, you will own the design, development and integration of the next generation Location Analytics Platform. The ideal candidate will bring the “right” mix of creativity and development discipline to expand the standards of excellence that our Engineers and Data Scientists have already set. We work in an agile environment focused on delivering high quality software through quick iterations. Software development, for us, focuses on the simple yet elegant solutions to complex problems. At PlaceIQ, we empower our team members to extend beyond traditional functional boundaries so that we can build game-changing products. Here’s what we value as a team: Passion, technical expertise, and personal accomplishments Independent ownership of business problems and their solutions Solid engineering skills (e.g. design patterns, automated testing, fault-tolerant systems) Developers who can navigate around a Linux box Experience with using open source tools and participating in an open source projects Rolling up your sleeves and getting things done Some of the things Engineers on the Platform team do: Build scalable data pipelines using Hadoop, MapReduce, PIG and HIVE Build scalable domain specific languages Create new metrics to provide greater insight into our data Automate the end-to-end testing of the platform Learn about partner systems to figure out how to integrate them with ours We also believe that good balance produces good results, so we provide: Competitive salaries, benefits and equity. Unlimited paid vacation. This position can located in New York, NY or Palo Alto, CA. Candidates must be authorized to work in the United States on a full-time basis for any employer. A team that enjoys each other’s company at and outside of work. (See: http://www.placeiq.com/about-us/ ) 	Software Engineer - NYC or SF	PlaceIQ	New York	NY	New York, NY	PlaceIQ	Mon, 03 Aug 2015 06:30:58 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=4125d40f10dfae3f&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0w4WsD8d___N2uorwkJoITJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kemm7b18gi1ko
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Responsibilities: Work closely with product management, design, marketing and Courier teams to understand needs and determine solutions to improving operations and end-user experience. Go out on deliveries to understand your audience and build products to solve their needs. Have direct impact on delivery times, profit margins and customers - both internal and external. Have the opportunity to explore and build features across the entire technical stack, from the database all the way to the client. Apply the most cutting edge technology as it’s developed to innovatively solve problems (Android Auto integration?). Work with a team of world class Android engineers and contributors to open source projects like Mortar, Flow and RxJava. Skills: Strong knowledge of CS fundamentals and code organization. Experience in or desire to learn Android and Java. Experience using the Google Maps for Android APIs is a strong plus. Experience with Bluetooth and peripherals is a plus. Apps already launched on the Play store is a plus Experience with Rails and Web Development is also a plus. Computer Science or other technical degree helpful. Technologies we use and teach: Java, Mortar, Flow, RxJava, Kotlin Ruby, Rails Heroku, AWS Postgres, MySQL, Redis JavaScript, jQuery, Ember.js, React, Sass, and CoffeeScript 	Software Engineer, Android	Caviar	New York	NY	New York, NY	Caviar	Fri, 04 Sep 2015 06:58:02 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=b7f0368fb58123e0&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0w4WsD8d___N2uorwkJoITJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kemm7b18gi1ko
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Facebook was built to help people connect and share, and over the last decade our tools have played a critical part in changing how people around the world communicate with one another. With over a billion people using the service and more than fifty offices around the globe, a career at Facebook offers countless ways to make an impact in a fast growing organization. Every day, more than 250 million people access Facebook using Android mobile devices from across the world. The Facebook Mobile team constantly pushes the boundaries of the Facebook Mobile experience, as a leader in an exciting and fast-paced industry that is evolving daily. We are seeking full-time Android Engineers to join the Mobile team. As a Facebook Mobile Software Engineer, you will specialize in building elegant products on world-class technologies that bring the Facebook experience to hundreds of millions of people, anytime and anywhere. We are looking for someone that has strong experience developing user interfaces for applications on Android using Android SDK. If you are interested in joining a world-class team of passionate people and industry veterans who like to work hard and play hard, we look forward to hearing from you soon! Responsibilities Work closely with our product and design teams to customize the Facebook experience for the Android platform Prototype new and redesign features Strong coding abilities and experience with Java and Android SDK A focus on UI design principles and making apps work intuitively Contribute best-in-class programming skills to develop highly innovative, consumer-facing mobile products Requirements B.S. or M.S. Computer Science or 4+ years in relevant work experience 3+ years of object-oriented software development experience 2+ years building Android applications in Java 2+ years mobile application development experience (Android, J2ME or Blackberry) Experience in understanding large and complex code bases, including API design techniques to help keep them clean and maintainable. Proficient in the following technologies: Java language and related frameworks Multi-Threading and memory management specific to mobile devices Understanding of caching mechanisms Apply As part of our dedication to the diversity of our workforce, Facebook is committed to Equal Employment Opportunity without regard for race, color, national origin, ethnicity, gender, protected veteran status, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, or religion. If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, you may contact us at accommodations-ext@fb.com or you may call us at 1+650-308-7837.	Software Engineer, Android	Facebook	New York	NY	New York, NY	Facebook	Sun, 02 Aug 2015 05:10:37 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=71f2e80afb504b97&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0w4WsD8d___N2uorwkJoITJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kemm7b18gi1ko
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Weight Watchers is an international leader in healthy lifestyle change. At Weight Watchers our mission is “To Change People’s Relationship with Food for Good”. We are transforming our half-century old company by leveraging technology and leading the way in the health and wellness arena with a new emphasis on analytics, mobility and digital solutions to help our members reach their goals. This includes integrating with Fitbit, iOS Health, among others, as well as the associated tools, information and synchronization needed for our members. We are seeking people excited to join our team during this transformation. This is a rare opportunity to help change the culture and approach of the organization. This is a great opportunity for new employees to expand their skills and influence within their teams and the company overall. As reliance on health and wellness awareness increases, be part of the team that will be leading the way. Technical Skills : 1. Solid Java Programming chops (3+ years) 2. Selenium Webdriver - good knowledge of the framework - must have actively utilized for 2 or more years to test web apps And/Or Appium - good knowledge of the framework - must have actively utilized for 1 or more years to create automated tests for Mobile iOS and Android applications 3. Expertise with Git/GitHub required. Experience using GitFlow desirable. Familiarity with incorporating work with CI tools such as Jenkins/Hudson/Bamboo required. Knowledge of Maven, TestNG, Junit desirable. 4. Usage of Jira (or other similar issue/bug tracking systems) is required. Familiarity integrating with JIRA via APIs desirable 5. Basic expertise with SQL is required. Expertise with No SQL databases such as MongoDB is desirable 6. Basic knowledge of APIs including calling SOAP and REST end points using JSON and XML Data is required. Expertise with tools such as Charles, Fiddler, POSTMAN desirable 7. Experience working with BDD (Behavior Driven Development) / ATDD (Acceptance Test Driven Development) Frameworks is desirable. Experience with associated tools – Cucumber, Watir, Thuycdides, SpecFlow, JBehave, BehavePro etc. desirable. Soft Skills : 1. Innate Curiosity to imaginatively think through scenarios that affect end users, brainstorm and discuss with team members, document the scenarios and, devise testing strategies (with a bias towards automation) to cover the risks. 2. Strong analytical, troubleshooting and debugging skills and associated problem-solving skills is required. 3. Strong and language skills to be able to precisely define and specify BDD and Acceptance Tests is required 4. Excellent communicator - present and defend the QA perspective to other team members. 5. Strong interpersonal skills - will work in close-knit, small Agile teams. Must bring a "support the team" attitude, while balancing against defending high quality experiences for the end-user 6. Comfortable in a fast-paced, Agile, continuous delivery environment We hire only the best people. Here are the benefits to being top-notch: Generous healthcare coverage. 401(K) with company match. Paid Time Off Paid parental leave Tuition reimbursement Wellness allowance Profit Sharing Plus, the resources to locate services including child care, legal services, pet care and more Weight Watchers is an equal opportunity employer. Weight Watchers does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, creed, national origin, marital status, age, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, veteran status, or disability.	Software Engineer in Test	Weight Watchers International	New York	NY	New York, NY	Weight Watchers International	Tue, 04 Aug 2015 06:39:41 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=11af424a3e58c892&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0w4WsD8d___N2uorwkJoITJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kemm7b18gi1ko
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Date: Immediate Location: New York, NY Type: FTE (Full Time Employee) JOB DESCRIPTION Symphony is seeking a Senior Front-end Engineer with expert Javascript knowledge who has experience developing rich, high-performance, browser-based Javascript applications. Working closely with Symphony’s industry partners and large financial clients, you will help design and integrate external platforms with Symphony’s enterprise-class secure, end-to-end encrypted messaging application. We use backbone.js extensively and chrome wrapper / webkit for native integration. This role is for a strong hands-on software engineer who also has outstanding communications skills. The successful candidate will be ready for a role that includes both directly contributing to the development of Symphony’s platform integration interfaces, and has the strong relationship management and communications skills to work directly with outside organizations to help create a complete technical solution. Why you are needed now: Symphony is a secure messaging startup backed by an array of the world’s leading financial institutions. Our clients and industry partners aim to create rich integrations with the Symphony front-end: Huge customer and industry demand for connections with 3rd party content and integration, and connections to enterprise applications Each one of these features needs to be maintainable, secure, and scalable to a large number of partner integrations Symphony is designed as an open platform which enables widespread integration. Platform integration is core to our product strategy. The problems you will be solving: Provide sophisticated front-end integration hooks into Symphony’s HTML5-based desktop wrapper, and a framework for securely embedding 3rd party content and applications in the front-end. Our clients are many large, sophisticated global enterprises who seek to integrate Symphony in a complex fashion with their internal systems. Our partners include application and content providers. Handling these complex stakeholders and delivering a strategic solution is the core of this challenging and crucial role. RESPONSIBILITIES Work with Product Designers and fellow developers to design and implement the next generation of Symphony’s front-end interfaces Work with clients and industry partners to explain how our interfaces work and assist in integrating with Symphony at both an architectural and code level Build efficient and reusable front-end abstractions and systems Identify and communicate best practices for front-end engineering REQUIREMENTS Outstanding technical communications skills and stakeholder management 5+ years experience developing JavaScript applications and REST interfaces Ability to write high-performance, reusable code for UI components Aware of but not reliant on Object Oriented JavaScript Frameworks (Prototype JS, MooTools, Dojo, etc.) Experience with backbone.js, angular.js, node.js, Vertex and similar technologies desired but not required BS or MS degree in Computer Science or a related technical field ABOUT SYMPHONY'S TECHNOLOGY STACK We selected Apache Kafka, Apache Solr, MongoDB and HBase due to their superior distributed nature, performance, reliability, and ability to scale to the volume of data generated by the expected workload. We built out the ReSTFUL web services layer in a stateless manner using Apache Tomcat, meaning capacity could be added linearly, by simply adding more boxes behind the load balancer. The client front end was conceived as a web client that could be delivered on any device, any operating system, anywhere in the world. To build it, we chose HTML5/CSS3, with JQuery, Backbone and Handlebars doing the bulk of the heavy lifting. Symphony's front-end web application uses the modular pattern made popular in CommonJS, which builds each component as a loosely coupled anonymous closure. The core of the JavaScript app handles request transport details, new message notifications and updates, configuration of the UI layout, and much more. These functions are abstracted behind a public sandbox and selectively bundled into modules when the components are loaded. This architecture helps Symphony add new components quickly and seamlessly because they are isolated from each other, and lets developers control exactly how much of the app needs to load—an architecture specifically designed for integration and customization. ABOUT SYMPHONY Designed for the exchange of high-value content, Symphony is a secure communication and workflow platform that improves workplace productivity and connects users to their professional and personal community. Symphony has attracted the world’s top financial institutions with a $66 million investment to develop a scalable, cloud-based and highly secure collaboration and communication platform that will address the enterprise and compliance requirements for the financial services industry. The Symphony platform is intended to be used by some of the most time-conscious firms on the planet who are regularly corresponding high-value information—where a delay of a few seconds can have significant cost implications. Symphony’s secure communication platform will be available to all financial institutions and professionals world-wide in mid-2015. Now we’re looking for top-notch engineers, programmers and marketers (etc.) to join our team in Palo Alto, CA and New York to help us change the way the world communicates. If you have the skills and savvy to work with a world-class team, and an appetite for game-changing disruption, we definitely want to hear from you. SYMPHONY BENEFITS Competitive salary based on experience, skills, and qualifications Medical, Dental, and Vision coverage 401(K) Plan Life and AD&amp;D coverage Short Term and Long Term Disability coverage Employee Assistance Program Flexible Spending Account benefits Uncapped vacation and sick time Fully stocked kitchen and catered lunches Discounted gym memberships Many other fun and exciting benefits and activities! COMPENSATION Competitive Base Salary and Incentive (Stock Option) plan / Health/Dental/Vision/401k (We accept existing H1B Visa applicants) Symphony reserves the right of ownership for all unsolicited resumes submitted for this requisition and is not responsible for any fees associated with unsolicited resumes. Symphony appreciates your interest in our company. Symphony is an Equal Opportunity Employer.	Senior Frontend Software Engineer – Platform Integration	Symphony Communication Services, LLC	New York	NY	New York, NY	Symphony Communication Services, LLC	Mon, 03 Aug 2015 02:59:10 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=d26ba3730ae4ee77&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0w4WsD8d___N2uorwkJoITJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kemm7b18gi1ko
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	CIB-Athena Core Software Build Infrastructure Engineer-VP-NY - 140123359 Job Description Summary JPMorgan is looking for a Software Build Infrastructure Engineer to be responsible for developing, optimizing, automating and maintaining the tools and processes driving our development environment. The primary parts of this are revision control, continuous-integration (CI) builds, testing, release build integration and release deployment. Responsibilities also include an issue tracker, software review tools and documentation infrastructure. Further responsibility includes the addition and upgrade of fundamental software libraries. The platform is an innovative, in-house front office trading platform designed to support multiple lines of business. A highly talented Core team develops the fundamental components of the platform and provides guardianship on its use and evolution. They are the primary clients of the development environment. Responsibilities · Maintain and improve the development environment as developers’ needs evolve. · Regular integration of updates from internal software libraries. · Regular integration of updates of open source libraries. Qualifications · Experience with revision control systems, especially SVN and CVS · Experience with scripting and compiled languages, especially Python and C++ · Experience on both Windows and Linux · Experience with one or more CI build tools, especially Buildbot and Scons · Problem solving and debugging skills · A motivated self-starter, able to work with little guidance · A demonstrated history of thinking strategically and seeing projects through to successful completion Job Technology Operations Primary Location US-NY-New York-383 Madison Avenue (BSC) / 41039 Organization CORPORATE &amp; INVESTMENT BANK Schedule Full-time Job Type Standard Shift Day Job Corporate Brand JPMorgan Chase &amp; Co.	CIB-Athena Core Software Build Infrastructure Engineer-VP-NY	JPMorgan Chase	New York	NY	New York, NY	JPMorgan Chase	Thu, 20 Aug 2015 06:07:52 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=7b2238a10165f27e&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0w4WsD8d___N2uorwkJoITJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kemm7b18gi1ko
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	What excites us at OnDeck? Technology. Innovation. Small businesses. We believe in our employees and power their growth through being challenged every day and offering careers that inspire. We’re all about teamwork, passion and making an impact. Oh and having fun – Whether it’s a game of Ping-Pong, team get-togethers or weekly happy hours in the office. OnDeck (ONDK) uses data aggregation and electronic payment technology to evaluate the financial health of small and medium sized businesses to efficiently deliver capital to a market underserved by banks. Through the OnDeck platform, millions of small businesses can obtain affordable loans. We are changing the way small businesses borrow money by combining our passion for Main Street with cutting-edge technology. We evaluate businesses based on their actual performance, not personal credit, and that’s enabled us to say “yes” more often and faster than traditional lenders. Department overview: Technology at OnDeck is a mix of building cutting edge systems to provide a world-class user experience to our customers and partners, aggregate mountains of data to make real-time lending decisions, and of course move lots of money every day. We have an emphasis on scalability, reliability and accuracy. The Enterprise Business Services team is building a new platform that will expose core common functionality to the rest of our technology stack as well as business users, providing maximum exposure to both. By designing and developing a new platform, there is a lot of opportunity to learn and choose cutting-edge technologies. The systems will be built from the ground up and will have a significant impact across the company on a daily basis. In this role you will build: Customer event and communication tracking platform RESTful APIs for centralized customer and applicant data stores Data validation and standardization services (address validation, do not call registry integration, etc) Integration of 3rd party tools Qualifications for success: Experience building, integrating, and securing API's with a RESTful service Experience and interest in Java and popular Java-based frameworks and libraries, even though we are a language agnostic company Focus on quality and testing. We have strict code test coverage and quality requirements Experience building software in a team environment, specifically some comfort level with Git, or similar collaborative tool Great communication skills Driven and eager to learn Experience with a wide range of programming languages (Java, Python, Ruby, etc) ideal Experience integrating with 3rd party platforms helpful What we offer you: Have a meaningful impact on the company's future, and share in the rewards accordingly Work in a fun, fast-paced start up environment with some really cool and brilliant people Be on a motivated team that gets a lot done An open minded, collaborative culture of enthusiastic technologists. Medical/dental/vision insurance, 401k matching program, flex spending plan and life insurance. Smart colleagues who you can learn from. Paid/flexible vacations and holidays. If you’re sick just stay home and feel better. Summer &amp; Holiday events with the entire office! Happy hour every Wednesday. Fully stocked kitchen with snacks and drinks. **No recruiters or agencies, please.**	Senior Software Engineer - Enterprise Services	OnDeck	New York	NY	New York, NY	OnDeck	Fri, 31 Jul 2015 19:52:28 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=ec13d342e47a21b9&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0w4WsD8d___N2uorwkJoITJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kemm7b18gi1ko
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	(New York) We hire people we admire. At Airtime, this means you love a good challenge, dream big, get shit done and know how to have fun. Were growing fast, come join us! As an Android software engineer you will work on really difficult real-time video challenges. You will invent, contribute and implement new features from scratch. You will tackle tough engineering challenges like scalability, building amazing user interfaces and working with multi-stream video chat. You will craft a seamless and delightful mobile experience for millions of people. You will: Help lead the development of our game-changing Android application Build for high-level performance quality Envision and build new and innovative product features Use expert knowledge of Android platform to collaborate closely and guide product, design and server engineering teams and decisions Solve for challenging cient performance and scaling issues Improve and deliver reliable software through continuous integration, automated testing and code reviews You have: Experience shipping one or more Android apps, currently available in Google Play OR strong generalist coding skills with an intense drive to dive deep into the Android world Knowledge of cutting-edge Android SDK, core frameworks, and/or popular 3rd party libraries Eye for design Comfort and delight in a small, intense, high-growth startup environment An understanding large and complex code bases, including API design techniques to help keep them clean and maintainable Technologies we use: Java Android SDK Git, RESTful APIs	Software Engineer, Android	Elevate Recruiting Group	New York	NY	New York, NY	Elevate Recruiting Group	Tue, 29 Sep 2015 09:04:13 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=a7a66688d476ebb7&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0w4WsD8d___N2uorwkJoITJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kemm7b18gi1ko
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Senior Software Engineer, Python Dealertrack is currently looking for an expert Sr Software Engineer with Python experience to join our Engineering team in Lake Success, NY. Team Overview Our Software Engineers are extraordinarily passionate and driven by technology. We thrive on designing simple and scalable solutions to complex problems and delivering leading edge software products for our customers. At Dealertrack technologies we are looking for exceptionally ambitious and communicative hands-on individuals who are comfortable working in fast-paced environments and who have passion and skills to take our product offering to the next level. Job Overview As a Senior Software Engineer, you will work in a collaborative team environment that encourages you to perform at your best, and challenges you to engineer elegant solutions for complex business problems. You will architect, design and develop robust software systems with unit and systems testing. You will need to be able to quickly learn and use new technologies, troubleshoot difficult problems and be an expert with the software lifecycle including scoping and estimation of requirements along with writing of technical documentation. Technology we use Github Enterprise, Continuous Integration, Jenkins, Python, Django, Celery, Django Rest Framework, SQLAlchemy, Redis, MongoDB and vagrant. We make use of modern processes and technologies wherever possible, including Github Pull Requests for code review, continuous deployment to our test environments, strict adherence to best practices, recommended code style and layout (PEP-8) and a strong drive around unit testing all our code. This gives us the confidence and ability to make significant refactoring changes across a large codebase quickly, without fear of having broken some code somewhere else. Responsibilities Coding of SaaS applications in an Agile development environment Developing automated tests, predicting areas of risk, and coordinating with our QA staff to achieve the best blend of error prevention and error detection possible Collaborate with other developers on best practices, code reviews, internal tools and process improvements Guide, coach and mentor team members as required, assisting in the teams skills development during software development projects Ability to work independently designing, developing and deploying solutions, and to deliver projects on time with minimal direction Skills and Experience BABS degree in Computer Science or related field At least 7+ years of Web development experience Strong Python development skills Proven track record designing and implementing web applications with highly optimized and scalable architectures. Experience with Django Solid understanding of web services and message passing architecture Knowledge of jBoss or other Java Application Servers Experience developing in a Linux environment Ability and desire to learn new skills and technologies Ability to work independently designing, developing and deploying solutions, and to deliver projects on time with minimal direction Excellent verbal and written communication skills Proficiency in object oriented design and development Experience using source control (Git, Mercurial), IDEs, and defect tracking tools Experience developing in a Linux environment Ability and desire to learn new skills and technologies Ability to work independently designing, developing and deploying solutions, and to deliver projects on time with minimal direction Excellent verbal and written communication skills Proficiency in object oriented design and development Experience using source control (Git, Mercurial), IDEs, and defect tracking tools DealerTrack Company Culture Dealertrack is a dynamic, innovative technology company that revolutionized the automotive retail industry with the first online finance and credit application network in 2001. Our state-of-the-art, web-based solutions are embraced by all major segments of the automotive retailing trade including dealers, financing sources, original equipment manufacturers (OEMs), third-party retailers, agents and aftermarket providers, fueling our tremendous growth. At Dealertrack we believe that our uncompromising technology and services are powered by the collaboration of our talented staff, join us in taking our product offerings to the next level. To view all of our open positions go to www.dealertrack.comportalcareers-home httpwww.dealertrack.comportalcareers-home and follow us on twitter DTCareers httpstwitter.comDTCareers to get the latest updates on new opportunities.	Sr. Software Engineer - Python	Dealertrack Technologies	Great Neck	NY	Great Neck, NY	Dice	Sat, 17 Oct 2015 00:22:27 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=a64fd0435dab9ad3&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0w4WsD8d___N2uorwkJoITJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kemm7b18gi1ko
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Knewton is on a mission to personalize education for students around the world. Education companies worldwide use the Knewton infrastructure platform to power course materials that dynamically adapt to each student’s unique needs. Knewton was founded in 2008 and has offices in New York City and London. Investments top $105M from well-known angel investors plus Accel, Bessemer, First Round Capital, Firstmark, Founders Fund, GSV, and Atomico. Are you a visionary engineering leader who wants to shape the future of education? Knewton is looking for a seasoned Principal Frontend Engineer to join our Consumer Adaptive Learning Platform team. You will be improving the user experience for students, teachers, and content creators across a range of devices and platforms, as well as discovering creative ways to increase learner engagement and ingest user-generated educational content at scale. This is a lynchpin role and calls for a highly detail oriented individual with serious entrepreneurial drive and extraordinary flexibility to meet the demands at a high-energy start-up. Responsibilities: Drive frontend architecture roadmap and technology standards for frontend development at Knewton Be a thought leader and actively engage in continuously improving practices and methodology Display strategic thinking and deliver sustainable solutions, keeping an eye towards simplicity, scalability, extensibility, and performance Be actively involved with and influence the direction of industry groups and open-source communities Identify standards based solutions to integrate into our development process and drive adoption via mentoring and communication across the organization Work collaboratively with the stakeholders and project team members to deliver front-end focused features to customers with quality What we’re looking for: A minimum of 10 years software development experience, 6 years of which are specific to front-end technologies Full lifecycle development experience on large projects, creating distributed and scalable solutions Proven advocate for the customer experience In-depth understanding of advanced Javascript concepts such as prototypal and functional inheritance, closures, and reactive programming Extensive experience with with common Javascript libraries and frameworks like Node.js, Express, Underscore, and React Expertise &amp; experience in at least one non-Javascript backend stack, like Rails, Django, Spring, or Laravel Expertise in service design and strategies including data modeling, REST maturity, API design Expertise in frontend testing strategies and technologies Expertise &amp; experience in responsive web design strategies and mobile web development Proficient in profiling and debugging web applications through tooling Perks include: Competitive salary, great benefits, and equity Flexible hours, no vacation policy, and paid maternity/paternity leave High-quality equipment (default: a new Macbook Pro with a giant monitor) Frequent guest speakers and tech/edtech Meetups hosted at Knewton HQ Social groups and sports teams Free dinner every weeknight in the office, all-day snacks, and a full bar Free monthly MetroCards/PATH cards 	Principal Software Engineer - Front End	Knewton	New York	NY	New York, NY	Knewton	Fri, 07 Aug 2015 21:10:19 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=4da61c71bb6e1850&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0w4WsD8d___N2uorwkJoITJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kemm7b18gi1ko
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	A strong growing company is looking for a Software Embedded Development Engineer to join their team. This person will do C, C++ Embedded Software, concentrating on the TMS32028 family DSP. Needs experience with interrupt Device Drivers. Need someone who can take the process FULL LIFE CYCLE. Need strong Process and Design skills. Experience in Embedded Operating Systems a MUST. Exciting place to learn and grow technically. NO SPONSORSHIP NO WORKING REMOTELY Please contact ckscarnegieaffiliates.com C, C++, DSP, Embedded, ARM9, Multi-threading, Device Drivers	Software Embedded Development Engineer	AGS International	Parsippany	NJ	Parsippany, NJ	Dice	Wed, 21 Oct 2015 00:10:25 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=bfc71430b364caf9&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0w4WsD8d___N2uorwkJoITJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kemm7b18gi1ko
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	The Android Software Engineer is a full time position at our New York office. You will be responsible for the development and management of mobile software on the Android platform. As an experienced engineer, you will influence how we build features and products as well as the best practices and patterns we use for development and automated testing. With your peers, you' ll manage product implementation across the Android ecosystem. Role &amp; Responsibilities: Drive feature development for our Android products on specific projects and take ownership of end-to-end product quality Lead prototypes of new ideas and explore new technologies on the forefront of news delivery, mobile technology, and commerce Contribute to expansion by working closely with other platform developers to ensure product consistency across mobile and Web Collaborate with Product and Analytics colleagues to build out A/B experimentation frameworks and usage reporting Advise Product and Marketing colleagues on the latest developments in the Android ecosystem for adding and promoting innovative new product features. Qualifications: Proven and demonstrable experience on Android development with hands on experience of interactive application development paradigms (animations, dynamics/physics engines), concurrency, networking and data persistence, and media frameworks Proven experience in designing, developing and debugging connected applications with Web services/content providers, including use of REST APIs and JSON Advanced ability to convert complex requirements and abstract concepts into working designs and software applications Experience in the full software development life cycle Strong organizational and problem-solving skills Strong ability to evaluate alternatives and understand business implications and impact Proactive and self-motivated; excellent communicator Experience with multimedia frameworks, advanced video players, and video streaming on mobile devices OO design and data modeling skills Confident and proud of your work Proactive and self-motivated Value judgment and common sense over process BS in Computer Sciences or Computer Engineering or equivalent required Some international travel may be required inline with individual project requirements A sense of humor always helps Jason Gabler 	Android Software Engineer	Park Hudson International	New York	NY	New York, NY	Park Hudson International	Tue, 29 Sep 2015 22:18:33 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=0d6738b1e81a2df1&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0w4WsD8d___N2uorwkJoITJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kemm7b18gi1ko
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	About Toca Boca Toca Boca is a play studio that makes digital toys for kids. Since its first product launch in 2011, Toca Boca has released 28 apps that have been downloaded in 215 countries worldwide. With over 85 million total downloads to date, Toca Boca apps focus on stimulating kids’ imagination so that they can play and have fun in a safe digital environment with no in-app purchases or external advertising. With offices in San Francisco and Stockholm and now New York City, Toca Boca is part of The Bonnier Group, a family-owned business that includes newspapers, magazines, television, cinemas and digital media. About the Toca Video Team in New York Toca Boca is establishing a Video division in New York City to create a new kind of video experience that re-imagines TV for today’s kids and devices. The Toca Video Team will be small, energetic and nimble. You will be expected to ‘wear many hats’ and help the project along in myriad ways, at the request of the Executive Producer and of your own initiative. The work ahead is not purely executional! We are looking for people who are inspired, who see better ways of doing things and make them happen, who can make decisions themselves while contributing constructively to the group effort. About the Software Engineer Role As the Dev Ops / Software Engineer, you will design, develop, and install software solutions that support the Toca Video product. This position reports to the Technical Director and will be a part of the Technical Team. You will work with the Technical Director and the rest of the team to build an appropriate team of technical resources. Above the role and responsibilities, you will be an integral part of a small and dedicated team. Every member of the Toca Video Team is accountable for the end product regardless of their title or position. You should be excited by the challenge this position brings and be willing to step up to do what is needed to provide our audience with the best possible experience. Your responsibilities: •Execute full lifecycle software development •Determine operational feasibility by evaluating analysis, problem definition, requirements, solution development, and proposed solutions •Improve operations by conducting systems analysis; recommending changes and creating tools •Write well designed, documented, and testable code •Integrate software components into a fully functional software system •Develop software verification plans and quality assurance procedures Skills and Experience •Track record of successful practical problem solving, excellent written and interpersonal communication, and documentation skills. •Works well as part of a team and independently •Experience with Cloud Computing platforms (e.g. Amazon AWS, Microsoft Azure, Google App Engine). •Solid understanding of systems and application design, including the operational trade-offs of various designs. •Demonstrable knowledge of TCP/IP, HTTP, web application security, and experience supporting multi-tier web application architectures. •Experience in developing web applications using at least one popular web framework	Dev Ops / Software Engineer	Toca Boca	Brooklyn	NY	Brooklyn, NY	Toca Boca	Mon, 17 Aug 2015 21:41:32 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=0fd94eaf036dbf05&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0w4WsD8d___N2uorwkJoITJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kemm7b18gi1ko
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	We are looking for an experienced software engineer to join our development team to help develop the backend of the company's application, the API and the web UI. The ideal programmer for this position will be detail oriented and able to effectively and successfully work independently as well as within teams, have excellent communication skills, innovative analytic skills, and strong organizational skills. If you've read the requirements and think you'd be a great fit, we'd love to hear from you! Responsibilities Contribute to a rapidly growing and robust application using the latest .NET technologies. See projects throughout a full lifecycle from concept and planning to release. This includes writing proper spec, unit tests, performing peer review and integration. Exhibit strong initiative, leadership and accountability on all projects. Coordinate with responsible parties or departments on detailing specs, acquiring necessary content and meeting deadlines. Work closely with an amazing team of engineers and designers. Brainstorm and prototype new concepts and approaches. Requirements 5+ years experience in a full time position in a software engineer role Extensive knowledge of test driven development (TDD) and the various quality assurance testing methodologies that encompass the entire software engineering Experience adhering to software engineering best practices for the full development life cycle, including coding standards, code reviews, source control, continuous integration, build processes, testing, and operations Highly proficient in writing well-structured, easily maintainable, well-documented code in C#, MS SQL Server, HTML, CSS, JavaScript + jQuery and writing unit tests in NUnit A solid foundation in computer science, with competencies in object oriented design, database schemas, application architecture, and software design practices Bonus Skills Experience with API integration and/or API development Experience with AWS STK for .Net Experience with various types of quality assurance testing including integration, regression, user acceptance, usability and end-to-end testing Contributions to open source projects Benefits and Perks Relaxed and fun culture Exciting and challenging projects Competitive compensation Bonuses 401K + company match Company-sponsored health plans Unlimited vacation Half-day Fridays Free breakfast and lunch Fully stocked kitchen Build your own workstation Company events Parental leave Game room with PS3/Ping pong table Required experience: 2-3 years of relevant experience: 1 year 	Software Engineer	Appeagle, Inc.	Hackensack	NJ	Hackensack, NJ	Indeed	Sun, 06 Sep 2015 13:21:00 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=c498fa564bbc3019&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0w4WsD8d___N2uorwkJoITJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kemm7b18gi1ko
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	SOFTWARE DEPLOYMENT AUTOMATION ENGINEER An exciting opportunity to join our clients technology team responsible for global service management implementation and support. This is a technical position interfacing with development dept., QA dept. and Operations. The candidate will be focused on Software and Release deployment and distribution through Radia Client Automation Enterprise projects and day-to-day implementation and support of Radia Client Automation Enterprise and its integrations. Essential technical tools for success will be working experience in the following: ***Radia Client Automation Enterprise ***HP DDMi/DDMa on Windows or Linux platforms ***HP Universal Discovery and uCMDB The candidate will be focused on Software and Release deployment and distribution through Radia Client Automation Enterprise projects and day-to-day implementation and support of Radia Client Automation Enterprise and its integrations. Responsibilities &amp; Accountabilities „ h Maintain, upgrade and Administer Radia Client Automation Enterprise software infrastructure in an enterprise global environment „ h Maintain, upgrade and Administer HP Discovery and Dependency Mapping Inventory DDMi and DDMA in an enterprise global environment „ h Create standard and custom software and hardware discovery patterns „ h Maintain and administer HP uCMDB systems, software, CI’s architecture and relationships „ h Perform programming/scripting/packaging functions for example (software install/uninstall/Repair/Verify/Upgrade/Sync) „ h Experience with MSI and RPM software packaging and Radia packaging custom options „ h Work closely with development and QA team to help them create, maintain Radia packages and resolve software release deployment and roll back issues „ h Schedule and conduct training sessions for Operations, QA and developments teams on using Client/Server automation components related to their software deployment „ h Follow software development lifecycle methodology „ h Create support and user guides technical documents „ h Work with system management team to setup proper monitoring for Radia, DDMi, DDMa infrastructure „ h Willing to learn new technology tools and applications for example ServiceNow integration and development. „ h Flexibility for off hours on-call rotation support and weekend scheduled changes „ h Follow the company’s change management process Competencies „ h Excellent communication and interpersonal skills „ h Excellent organizational and time management skills „ h Strong analytical and problem solving skills „ h Ability to work in a team environment and/or as an individual contributor as needed. Professional/Technical Skills „ h At least 5 years’ experience administering, supporting and maintaining Radia Client Automation Enterprise, „ h Four years of DDMi, DDMA and uCMDB on Linux and Windows „ h Knowledge of federated data structures and experience with architecting and supporting uCMDB federations and custom integrations with ServiceNow „ h Perl, patch and REX scripting Please send your resume to CLIFF@SSUSA.COM	Software Deployment Automation Engineer	Staffing Solutions U.S.A	Whippany	NJ	Whippany, NJ	Staffing Solutions U.S.A	Mon, 12 Oct 2015 09:05:22 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=611cfc1879ac008f&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0w4WsD8d___N2uorwkJoITJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kemm7b18gi1ko
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Vanderbilt Industries is a global leader in creating state-of-the-art security systems. We design and manufacture systems that make environments safe, secure and easy to maintain. Vanderbilt’s products range from single-user systems so simple that they can be installed in one day to highly customized applications that fit the unique requirements of leading multi-national corporations. Our product line includes the bright blueRegistered and SMS access control systems, as well as enterprise video solutions. Summary Responsible for executing designing, implementing and executing manual and automated Test Cases for Vanderbilt software products to insure software product releases meeting Engineering specifications and customer expectations. Duties Responsibilities Design and Implement automated testing processes to maximum test team efficiency, improve testing coverage of product features and provide more expedient test results to developers. Update and improve existing automated testing tools and integrate automated testing tools into daily build process. Execute defined Test Cases and document results in Test Case Management System. Identify and analyze inconsistent results with minimal guidance. Identify and log defects into Issue Tracking System in sufficient detail for reproducibility by development team work with development to resolve, and verify fixes when implemented. Work with Development and QA teams to insure new product features fully explored in Test Cases. Participate in the identification and implementation of continuous improvement in process and standards for the entire team. Qualifications Strong Word, Excel, analytical and troubleshooting skills. Excellent organizational, written and verbal communication skills. Ability to learn new applications quickly Excellent time management multitask and work well in a fast paced environment. Familiarity with Seapine Test Track Pro or Test Track TCM desirable. Familiarity with Access Control systems or SQL Server databases a plus. Degree in Computer Science, Engineering or Technical field. 3 – 5 years’ experience in automated software testing Software Testing QA Automation	Software Quality Assurance Engineer	Vanderbilt Industries	Parsippany	NJ	Parsippany, NJ	Dice	Thu, 22 Oct 2015 01:46:37 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=5ddb70c6b9ef96c4&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0w4WsD8d___N2uorwkJoITJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kemm7b18gi1ko
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Job Description We are looking for a technology lead. They will manage (including leadership in hiring) a team of in-house developers to support a product we have already taken from prototype to stable public beta. But theyll be ready to build a world class infrastructure that will be used by tiny businesses and Fortune 500 companies alike. This person should be an expert in developing web applications that synthesize rich, large datasets at massive scale. Theyll need to work hand in hand with product to drive the team vision and support the needs of our business teams. Theyll be a leader, an innovator, and a problem solver. Theyll be a self-starter who is detail oriented but calm under pressure. This person will have the great privilege of joining the happy family that we have built with tender care here at LocalResponse, and well have the privilege to call them one of our own. You'll be managing a team of engineers. If, in previous jobs, your relationships with team members has limited your effectiveness, then you need not inquire. You'll be our tech leader, chief impossible crusher, and youll make things happen and make those around you better. The term ninja doesnt cut it, we are looking for William Wallace. Youll be reliable to work in house, but you self motivate to get stuff done around the clock. You can communicate with the business side of the team, but excel in getting your engineers to understand how their efforts empower the rest of the team. Youll know how to delegate but also how to roll up your sleeves and do it yourself. You can hack when you need to get something done on a deadline, but youre not building the means to an ephemeral end, youre building your masterpiece. You're organized, thorough, and you sweat the details. You love your work, because you love the company. Skills &amp; Requirements Deep experience building with modern languages JavaScript (Jquery/CoffeeScript/node.JS), PHP, and NoSQL databases like MongoDB, virtualized/cloud based architecture, working with a sysadmin to ensure maximum uptime, but youll be able to jump into HTML/CSS and the AJAX on our UI and give feedback. If you want to use Ruby/Python, convince us, but youll have to be able to work with the substantial amount weve got so far. We rely heavily on internal APIs and will be building external APIs too, so youll need to be able to come up with technical specs that will be understood by a broad range of developers. Experience leading and using unit testing, automation testing, and A/B testing. Bachelor's in Computer Science or a related field. Masters or more a plus. Excellent communication/collaboration skills and a team-oriented mindset. You are awesome (this is absolutely required). About LocalResponse LocalResponse is a social advertising platform that aggregates public posts and "check-ins"across multiple platforms to help brands and businesses reach their customers. Brands and agencies use LocalResponse to leverage real-time inventory for mobile activation. Local businesses use LocalResponse to manage their customer relationships through a self-serve web interface. LocalResponse is backed by Greycroft Partners, Charles River Ventures, Verizon Ventures, Metamorphic Ventures, Extreme Venture Partners, BOLDstart Ventures, Jim Pallotta, amongst others and is based in Chelsea, NYC.	Lead Software Engineer	Elevate Recruiting Group	New York	NY	New York, NY	Elevate Recruiting Group	Mon, 21 Sep 2015 08:16:19 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=27e64c286bac0647&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0w4WsD8d___N2uorwkJoITJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kemm7b18gi1ko
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Unique, high profile Software Engineering Role: The CTO Open Source Team is seeking an exceptional C/C++ software developer experienced in the design and development of complex Open Source systems. This is a unique opportunity to influence their Open Source products. This position will be a senior technical conduit to help assess and prepare both internal fundamental infrastructure and business logic libraries for public consumption. This is a position for the serious software developer who thrives on being in the trenches, responsible for designing and maintaining a collaborative environment between our R&amp;D Software Infrastructure group and external Open Source contributors and consumers. Candidates may have the opportunity to participate in Open Source standardization processes. Our client company’s CTO Open Source Team acts as a liaison between R&amp;D Software Infrastructure group and external Open Source contributors and consumers. Their primary goal is to develop and set the financial industry standard for Open Source software solutions. These solutions will be made available principally in portable, well-factored C++, and will also include native implementations in many other programming languages, e.g. Java, C#, etc. The Role The ideal candidate must possess extensive experience in design and development of Open Source C/C++ Projects. The successful candidate will have the opportunity to work on highly optimized, scalable and distributed software that facilitates normalization, and delivery of data. You must be a team player with proven success on achieving aggressive deadlines. Demonstration of strong passion, excellent communication skills, and creative problem solving is a must. Qualifications - Bachelors or Master's Degree in Computer Science, Engineering or Related Field (or equivalent expertise) - 5+ years of C/C++ development experience - Strong understanding of Data Structures, Algorithms, and Object-Oriented design - Working knowledge of Open Source packaging systems, e.g., deb, RPM, tarball - Working knowledge with High-Performance Unix and/or Windows Programming - Working knowledge of Multi-threading and Network programming is a strong plus - Understanding of various Open Source licenses, e.g., GPL versus MIT or Apache - Understanding of JAVA, .NET, Python, and/or Matlab is a plus - Understanding of XML/XSD and other schema driven data is a plus - Financial and/or Market Data experience is a plus	Software Engineer - Open Source (CTO Team)	Compella, LLC.	New York	NY	New York, NY	Compella, LLC.	Tue, 15 Sep 2015 11:00:41 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=546506f23de5b1a9&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0w4WsD8d___N2uorwkJoITJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kemm7b18gi1ko
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	DotNet We are looking for an entry level software programmer. The Candidates who are in CPT OPT or any EngineeringSciences or all eligible to work in the US are encouraged to apply. SummitWorks Technologies Inc allows us to focus on providing you with the most flexible, cost-effective technology solutions crucial to sustaining your competitive advantage in this increasingly complex marketplace. We deliver the strategies, personnel, tools and resources that enable you to succeed. SummitWorks Client Solution Teams are specialized in Project-based consulting Custom Application Development Application Maintenance Support Application Re-engineering Selective Outsourcing onsite onshore offshore solutions Requirements bull Basic understanding of software development principles bull Good analytical and problem solving abilities bull Knowledge of any programming i.e C, C++, Java etc bull Basic understanding of Sql, C, .NET, JAVA, Java Script., Oops bull Must be a team player with excellent communication and problem solving skills and have experience working with customers across teams. Key Words Jr .net developer , junior dotnet developer , junior .net developer, jr .net c developer jr software developer entry level developer entry level programmer entry level .net developer entry level .net programmer Junior .net programmer software developer Contact us at 732 626 9654 Entry level Software Engineer - DotNet	Entry level Software Engineer	Summit Works Technologies	South Plainfield	NJ	South Plainfield, NJ	Dice	Wed, 14 Oct 2015 15:42:19 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=26334062b2e195a6&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0w4WsD8d___N2uorwkJoITJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kemm7b18gi1ko
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	About the Team The AppNexus Platform has the capability to process tens of billions of log records a day (more than 150TB of data) generated by our real-time bidding engines and ad serving platform. Data volume has rocketed over the past year and is continuing to increase, reaffirming that AppNexus has one of the premier and most large scale “Big Data” environments in the world. AppNexus is continuously finding new ways to gather, process, store, and deliver this data to the proper resources. This information is used to generate billing &amp; invoices, aggregated analytics reports, update budgets, and drive advanced algorithmic and statistical decision-making engines. Clients rely on fast reporting and detailed analytics data to run their businesses. To that end, we aim to provide real-time stats and budgeting to freeze campaign spending as close to real-time as possible. Consider Some of the Problems We Try to Solve: Getting insight: Not only are we dealing with a growing body of data, but we also need to be able to process it rapidly, get insights and share it all with clients at whatever level of granularity they need. Processing data: We have built a platform that allows us to process data but many of our clients struggle to build tools that allow them to process our data directly. A key goal is to abstract out the functionality we have so our clients can benefit. New tools: We are always seeking new and better tools to help us meet challenges. For example, our data is so distributed that keeping it consistent globally is a major concern. To solve this problem, our team built Starfish—a monitoring tool that can self-heal any data discrepancies. About the Job Design and Develop engineer-elegant and efficient Map Reduce functions in Java, building reliable, scalable and testable enterprise-level transactional data processing systems related to revenue and financial data Collaborate within a small functional team with diverse technology backgrounds Deploy regular code releases to production and test environments Lead design discussions about and approaches to implementing new features Provide mentorship and guidance to junior developers Take ownership of reducing the complexity of our data model Optimize software to utilize Hadoop, HBase, and Vertica resources efficiently, ensuring data consistency and accuracy across geos. Prioritize bug fixes with the goal of keeping the unreliability index at or close to zero About Your Skills BA/BS degree and 6+ years of experience in software engineering OR MS degree and 2+ years of experience (Degree in Computer Science or related field preferred) 5+ years of software engineering experience, developing software for distributed production systems Fluency in Java or Python Familiarity with large-scale distributed data processing (i.e. Hadoop) and experience in start-to-finish deployment of large scale multi-TB data systems Strong understanding of RDBMS, SQL, and NOSQL alternatives Experience supporting production systems Passion for engineering and computer science around data; looks for novel and creative solutions to complex problems. Is a good collaborator and teammate, with strong communication skills More About You You are passionate about a culture of learning and teaching. You love challenging yourself to constantly improve, and sharing your knowledge to empower others You like to take risks when looking for novel solutions to complex problems. If faced with roadblocks, you continue to reach higher to make greatness happen You care about solving big, systemic problems. You look beyond the surface to understand root causes so that you can build long-term solutions for the whole ecosystem You believe in not only serving customers, but also empowering them by providing knowledge and tools Want to know more about AppNexus? Explore the links below to learn about our values, why we like to work here, and how we hire. #LI-DI1	Senior Software Engineer, Big Data Systems	AppNexus	New York	NY	New York, NY	AppNexus	Tue, 04 Aug 2015 06:22:02 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=cc8491dc604ca751&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0w4WsD8d___N2uorwkJoITJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kemm7b18gi1ko
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	The ideal candidate will be a Java expert who can design and build complex object-oriented systems, and has a firm handle on how to solve real-world business needs with elegant, reusable and efficient Java code/architecture. Only veteran software developers with demonstrated full-lifecycle delivery experience will be considered, meaning you need to possess a strong foundation in the science and discipline of structured programming. Responsibilities: -Gather and analyze requirements from product owners -Design and develop highly scalable and fault-tolerant systems using JEE and open source technologies -Provide technical and architectural guidance for systems that are reliable, massively scalable, highly available (99.999% uptime), and maintainable. -Understand and adhere to SOA principles utilizing a REST based foundation. -Lead and mentor other team members -Foster development best practices within the team -Identify and drive process improvements -Facilitate communication with cross-functional groups Qualifications – BS or MS in Computer Science or related degree from an accredited university – 5+ years of experience designing and developing complex Java applications – Extensive experience in architecting and developing real-time multithreaded Java applications that are fault-tolerant, scalable and can handle high volumes – Working knowledge of client side technologies such as Struts, JSP, AJAX, JavaScript and JQuery considered a plus – Deep understanding of SOA principles and Web Services technologies: REST &amp; SOAP – Experience with back-end technologies such as JEE, JDBC, JMS, Spring, Hibernate, JMX and MBeans – Experience in relational database usage with commercial-grade databases. – Working knowledge NoSQL DB considered a plus – Expert in OO design and design patterns – Exceptional analytical and problem solving skills – Exceptional oral and written communication skills – Strong UNIX/Linux background – Experience with application containers such as Tomcat and WebSphere – Experience in creating automated unit testing using JUnit and practicing test driven development – Fluent with mocking in unit testing and working knowledge of mocking framework – Experience with deploying solutions to converged or virtualized infrastructure environments – Strong troubleshooting skills, especially in a production setting – Experience with build environment using Maven/Ant and continuous integration tools – Fluent with developing applications using Eclipse or similar IDE – Experience with performance tuning and memory leak detection – Experience with integrating with third-party Web Services	Java Software Engineer	Smith & Keller	New York	NY	New York, NY	Smith & Keller	Tue, 15 Sep 2015 10:03:45 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=86593a9cad97157c&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0w4WsD8d___N2uorwkJoITJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kemm7b18gi1ko
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Great Full Time Perm Opportunity for Software Engineer!! Opportunity - Industry leader and fast growing provider of cloud-based supply chain solutions Teamwork - Lead and learn from the very best in the field High Performance - Grow with a global company that develops talent Please send qualified resumes to lee.goldberg@rht.com KEY SKILLS/COMPETENCIES Strong software engineering and design skills Passionate about writing testable code and associated tests Obsessed with software development and staying current with technology trends Highly motivated, self-starter Strong problem-resolution and decision making skills POSITION RESPONSIBILITIES Scope, estimate, design, develop, and test product backlog items as prioritized by Product Owners Establish commitments and produce production ready software every sprint Create and perform applicable quality control measures to ensure product integrity Analyze issues, determine root cause, and implement hot fixes Keep current with technologies and focus on personal growth Be a team player and help other roles as necessary to deliver on sprint commitments Please send qualified resumes to lee.goldberg@rht.com EXPERIENCE AND SKILLS REQUIRED BS-Computer Science, Information Systems or equivalent 0-4 years of experience Very strong object oriented programming skills with Java, Python, or AC# Strong testing skills Strong design skills	Software Engineer	Robert Half Technology	Morristown	NJ	Morristown, NJ	Robert Half Technology	Fri, 25 Sep 2015 08:59:52 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=e7aae388faf89926&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0w4WsD8d___N2uorwkJoITJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kemm7b18gi1ko
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Our Software Engineers are extraordinarily passionate and driven by technology. We thrive on designing simple and scalable solutions to complex problems and delivering leading edge software products for our customers. At Dealertrack technologies we are looking for exceptionally ambitious and communicative hands-on individuals who are comfortable working in fast-paced environments and who have passion and skills to take our product offering to the next level. Job Overview: As a Senior Software Engineer, you will work in a collaborative team environment that encourages you to perform at your best, and challenges you to engineer elegant solutions for complex business problems. You will architect, design and develop robust software systems with unit and systems testing. You will need to be able to quickly learn and use new technologies, troubleshoot difficult problems and be an expert with the software lifecycle including scoping and estimation of requirements along with writing of technical documentation. Technology we use: Github Enterprise, Continuous Integration, Jenkins, Python, Django, Celery, Django Rest Framework, SQLAlchemy, Redis, MongoDB and vagrant. We make use of modern processes and technologies wherever possible, including Github Pull Requests for code review, continuous deployment to our test environments, strict adherence to best practices, recommended code style and layout (PEP-8) and a strong drive around unit testing all our code. This gives us the confidence and ability to make significant refactoring changes across a large codebase quickly, without fear of having broken some code somewhere else. Responsibilities: •Coding of SaaS applications in an Agile development environment •Developing automated tests, predicting areas of risk, and coordinating with our QA staff to achieve the best blend of error prevention and error detection possible •Collaborate with other developers on best practices, code reviews, internal tools and process improvements •Guide, coach and mentor team members as required, assisting in the team’s skills development during software development projects •Ability to work independently; designing, developing and deploying solutions, and to deliver projects on time with minimal direction Skills and Experience: BA/BS degree in Computer Science or related field At least 7+ years of Web development experience Strong Python development skills Proven track record designing and implementing web applications with highly optimized and scalable architectures. Experience with Django Solid understanding of web services and message passing architecture Knowledge of jBoss or other Java Application Servers Experience developing in a Linux environment Ability and desire to learn new skills and technologies Ability to work independently; designing, developing and deploying solutions, and to deliver projects on time with minimal direction Excellent verbal and written communication skills Proficiency in object oriented design and development Experience using source control (Git, Mercurial), IDEs, and defect tracking tools Experience developing in a Linux environment Ability and desire to learn new skills and technologies Ability to work independently; designing, developing and deploying solutions, and to deliver projects on time with minimal direction Excellent verbal and written communication skills Proficiency in object oriented design and development Experience using source control (Git, Mercurial), IDEs, and defect tracking tools DealerTrack Company Culture: Dealertrack is a dynamic, innovative technology company that revolutionized the automotive retail industry with the first online finance and credit application network in 2001. Our state-of-the-art, web-based solutions are embraced by all major segments of the automotive retailing trade including dealers, financing sources, original equipment manufacturers (OEMs), third-party retailers, agents and aftermarket providers, fueling our tremendous growth. At Dealertrack we believe that our uncompromising technology and services are powered by the collaboration of our talented staff, join us in taking our product offerings to the next level. To view all of our open positions go to www.dealertrack.com/portal/careers-home and follow us on twitter @DT_Careers to get the latest updates on new opportunities.	Principal Software Engineer - Python	Dealertrack Technologies, Inc.	Lake Success	NY	Lake Success, NY	Dealertrack	Wed, 02 Sep 2015 23:44:00 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=65c63ab2e0a984a7&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0w4WsD8d___N2uorwkJoITJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kemm7b18gi1ko
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Location: New York, NY Job Description We are looking for an experienced and professional Software Engineer to join our growing team. If you meet our background requirements and have a desire to work for a great company that takes care of its employees, this Software Engineer may be the ideal opportunity for you! MTS 2 Software Engineer Job Responsibilities Write high-quality, high-performance, maintainable full stack code for our Java/Java EE based product Participate as technical lead in the full Software Development Life Cycle (Agile/Scrum), iterative development, estimations and design sessions Lead architecture discussions in planning stage on architectural design of projects. Own product design by facilitating design reviews and staying abreast of design standards and incorporate into product design. Work closely with Product Managers, Software Engineers, Operations, and Quality Assurance Engineers in a collaborative environment to provide quality software and solutions. Partner with Product Manager to influence product future Maintain and champion our engineering culture: perform design and code review, introduce new tools and methods, give "brown bag" presentations, etc. MTS 2 Software Engineer Job Requirements Education: BSCS or BSEE or Other Related 4yr Technical Degree 2+ to 5 years' experience Minimum Education - Bachelor's Degree MTS 2 Software Engineer Benefits Our hires are treated to competitive pay and an excellent benefits package. To learn more about pay and benefits, please apply today! MTS 2 Software Engineer Company Overview The JAG Group is dedicated to provide effective medical staffing solutions for healthcare organizations and in offering practice opportunities and alternatives for the healthcare professionals we serve. The JAG Group is a member of NAPS (National Association of Personnel Services) and GAPS (Georgia Association of Personnel Services). Matching qualified healthcare professionals with medical practices and hospitals across the USA in need of healthcare employment is what we do best! Derrick Green The JAG Group www.thejaggroup.com jobs@thejaggroup.com 404-874-3624 direct 877-843-5244, Ext 24 678-904-7808 fax	MTS 2 Software Engineer	The Jag Group	New York	NY	New York, NY	The JAG Group	Sun, 13 Sep 2015 09:23:00 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=d3c47cd25b53e6b6&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa30CYbGuRfSOr5f1WugnLyHJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kep9oq50hh82n
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Job Requirements Looking for Full Stack Software Engineers with excellent coding skills and an Ad Tech background to help build a native advertising platform Strong experience with REST architecture/ development and full stack Java development. Relocation Assistance Available - Possible for ideal candidate Please submit your resume for consideration only if you meet requirements and qualifications. PLEASE SEND RESUME TO: aparker@snelling-atlanta.com	MTS 2, Software Engineer -NY0914	Snelling - Lilburn	New York	NY	New York, NY	Snelling Staffing Services	Mon, 14 Sep 2015 17:07:53 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=cad0bc178b13369f&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa30CYbGuRfSOr5f1WugnLyHJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kep9oq50hh82n
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	· Master’s and/or Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering or equivalent. · 5+ years of professional experience developing user facing apps in Objective-C/Swift for iOS and Java/C for Android. · Experience with AVFoundation, CoreGraphics, CoreMedia, MediaPlayer &amp; UIKit frameworks in iOS · Experience with XCode to build apps for iOS and OS X and used Instruments to find memory leaks, optimize your apps. · Great experience with Data Structures and Algorithms. · You have built apps for multiple form factors (iPhone 4, iPhone 6, 6+, iPad Air etc) from an idea and have launched them on the AppStore. · Solid experience with Android and enjoy writing apps for Android Phones and tablets. · Experience withAndroid Activity LifeCycle and have used Fragments. · Experience building apps that use JNI (Java Native Interface) and have a deep understanding about Java memory management and garbage collection in Android. · You can write readable, maintainable, performant object-oriented Java Email resume in Word to JeffAltman@TheBigGameHunter.us. Please include the job code for the position with your resume. NOTE: WE WILL ONLY RESPOND IF YOUR RESUME APPEARS TO FIT A ROLE NO PAID RELOCATION. NO OVERSEAS RESUMES. NO 3RD PARTIES. Applicants for employment in the US must possess work authorization which does not require sponsorship from the employer for a visa. To receive a complimentary subscription to my job search ezine, No B.S. Job Search Advice, go to www.TheBigGameHunter.usto subscribe. Listen to "Job Search Radio" on WebTalkRadio.net or in iTunes and other podcast directories. Want to ask me questions via phone, Skype or Facetime? Have your job search questions answered. The Big Game Hunter is a professional search firm and coaching service that helps people find superior opportunities and firms locate superior talent. In addition, we generate an extraordinary amount of information to help job hunters, recruiting professionals and hiring managers be more effective. Visit http://www.TheBigGameHunter.us	Senior Mobile Software Engineer	The Big Game Hunter	Hackensack	NJ	Hackensack, NJ	The Big Game Hunter	Tue, 20 Oct 2015 05:07:53 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=caa2bfafd6ea984e&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa30CYbGuRfSOr5f1WugnLyHJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kep9oq50hh82n
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Job Title: Senior Software Engineer, Android Discipline: Software Engineering Reports to: Director of Engineering, Mobile Apps Location: Seattle, WA or New York, NY Job Profile: Build rich, dynamic, cross-platform native mobile applications for Android and iOS devices. Work hand-in-hand with the design team to implement interfaces that look beautiful and adapt dynamically to all form factors. Architect complex UI interactions that push the boundaries of multi-touch interfaces. Implement animations and transitions that make experiences on mobile phones and tablets come to life. Establish infrastructure and practices for code reuse across development environments. Responsibilities: Execute on a software architecture and development plan to implement new features and products Write code to tackle challenging technical problems with a focus on readability, maintainability, performance, and quality Propose novel solutions to design and technical challenges Communicate effectively with your team and other product disciplines, raising issues early and offering solutions Develop all software according to coding standards and processes Perform reviews of other engineers’ code, designs, and architectures Make use of unit and integration tests wherever possible Mentor junior engineers Participate in the interview process for new team members Invent technology and infrastructure to share complex or platform agnostic software components across development ecosystems Advise other engineers, designers, and management on mobile application development for Android devices Requirements: BS degree in Computer Science or related field, or equivalent practical experience 4+ years of relevant work experience A solid foundation in computer science, with strong competencies in data structures, algorithms, and software design An extensive knowledge of Android application development, having developed and deployed at least one commercial Android application through the Google Play store Proven, self-motivated engineer with a track record of creating production-quality mobile applications Posses a strong passion for building custom user experiences Able to work effectively in a cross-disciplinary environment, particularly with designers Able to create a development plan for a given feature set, estimate its tasks, and execute on those tasks in an efficient manner Working knowledge of the iOS development platform is a plus Expert in C++, Objective-C, or Java Proficient with Git or similar revision control systems We Offer: Medical, Dental, Vision, 401(K) Life Insurance Commuter Benefits Corporate discounts through AnyPerk Catered in-office lunches twice weekly and fully stocked pantry Flexible Time Off Policy Employee Equity Program 	Sr Software Engineer, Android	FiftyThree	New York	NY	New York, NY	FiftyThree	Sun, 16 Aug 2015 21:48:28 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=5dfb38c6d0c7c9e9&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa30CYbGuRfSOr5f1WugnLyHJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kep9oq50hh82n
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Immediate need for Sr.Dot Net Developer Polaris Full time - Work Permit Green Card USAH1B Transfer End Customer - Banking Finanacial Client Excellent written oral communication skill. These will be needed to participate in weekly daily monthly calls with On-site customer managers. Passion for learning and rapid iteration Handle multiple assignments simultaneously Flexible and dedicated to work with distributed teams Should be willing to learn, scale-up and take individual responsibility to completion Should be flexible and be ready to work on different technologies as required by the business. Some of the applications and its related technologies might be legacy. Should have exposure in SDLC life cycle. With practical knowledge of how each of these development phases get executed. Preferably should have worked on at least one major project implementation. Knowledge of distributed working environment including 3-tiered and n-tiered architecture is needed. end Client is highly distributed process driven environment. Previous experience in working with major banks or distributed business implementations will add value There will be distributed vendor technology teams involved and the team member should be able to work along with them in coordinating and implementing deliverable additional skills Jquery, Javascript, Ajax, XSLT , Stylesheet Immediate need for Sr.Dot Net Developer Polaris Full time - Green Card /USA/H1B Transfer 84+ Months of experience in Dotnet, C# ,ASP.NET , SQL Server, SSIS and BI Skills	Senior Software Engineer	Polaris Software Lab Inc	Piscataway	NJ	Piscataway, NJ	Dice	Thu, 15 Oct 2015 03:00:41 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=90b60773c40a7d12&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa30CYbGuRfSOr5f1WugnLyHJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kep9oq50hh82n
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Description BD (Becton, Dickinson and Company), a leading global medical technology company, is seeking a senior principal software engineer to oversee all aspects of design, architecture, and development of web-based services for BD’s healthcare IT projects. They assume the technical leadership of entire projects and champion technical and architectural excellence. This candidate will have a passion for building robust, well-architected solutions and takes scalability and maintainability very seriously. The candidate should be passionate about great software, and enjoy the details involved with the long-term outlook of technology strategy. The position is an exciting opportunity to make a meaningful, positive impact on patients throughout world by leveraging the cutting edge technologies. This role offers competitive relocation compensation and the opportunity for partial remote work. Duties and Responsibilities: Supervise and lead the activities of an agile software development team Plan, architect and implement full stack front and backend applications in a high-volume environment on Microsoft and related technologies (.NET, C#, MVC, WebAPI, IIS, SQL Server, Azure, and JavaScript) Champion technical and architectural excellence; Ensure correct technology choices and champion exceptionally high standards in terms of adherence to best practices; Lead by example in terms of code consistency, performance, robustness, intuitive APIs, all of which are core tenets for solutions Implement modern DevOps processes for continuous software delivery Set and enforce development standards and practices throughout the organization Collaborate and provide technical and design guidance and suggestions within the team and department Guide and mentor; perform peer code reviews and architectural reviews Assume technical ownership of entire projects, feature sets and modules without needing daily oversight Oversee and monitor projects and initiatives for technical and architectural soundness Perform discovery and estimation of epics, stories and tasks in Scrum projects Qualifications Bachelor's or Master's degree in Computer Science or related field 5+ years of professional experience in software engineering 2 yrs of C#, ASP.NET, MVC, WebAPI Proficiency with multi-tiered, web/cloud architectures A strong computer science background and solid experience with object oriented design and programming A passion for writing polished, well-architected code Well versed in web, backend and database software development principles Experience in agile software development teams Intimate familiarity with patterns and practices of the Microsoft web technology stack Implementing and deploying web applications in IIS Database programming and relational schema design for SQL Server Familiarity with Microsoft Azure Job Other Primary Location US-New Jersey-Franklin Lakes Shift First Shift / Day Job Relocation Available No	Senior Principal Software Engineer	Becton Dickinson & Company	Franklin Lakes	NJ	Franklin Lakes, NJ	Becton Dickinson	Thu, 03 Sep 2015 15:30:26 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=e20d4e4c73e6d84a&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa30CYbGuRfSOr5f1WugnLyHJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kep9oq50hh82n
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Smith &amp; Keller is currently seeking a Software Implementation Engineer to come grow with us in a dynamic and challenging environment to join our team. The team is comprised of talented, creative and dedicated individuals with a passion for delivering innovative solutions to the market. Our client recognizes that every employee’s contributions are integral to the company’s growth and success. To find and acquire the best and brightest talent around the globe, we offer a challenging work environment, competitive compensation and benefits, and rewarding career opportunities. The Software Implementation Engineer will be part of a team performing implementations to thier clients working with financial and banking software. There is coding involved, however this is not building a new product. Each project is somewhat unique – each client environment, processing solution we integrate with and business model is different. This company only looks for the brightest and best! Responsibilities for the Software Implementation Engineer: Develop, enhance, test and implement solutions for the financial services industry Qualifications for the Software Implementation Engineer: Databases: SQL or Data Warehousing, ETL, OLAP Operating systems: Windows and Linux Programming language: Java OR C++, Javascript Web Technologies: HTML, XML, XSL, Servlets Excellent communication skills Excellent written and spoken English Pro-active and Team Oriented approach BS degree in Computer Science or related field Travel required 25% Occasional night/weekend work to move to production Experience for the Software Implementation Engineer: 2+ years experience with a Software Company 	Software Implementation Engineer – SQL	Smith & Keller	New York	NY	New York, NY	Smith & Keller	Tue, 15 Sep 2015 10:03:42 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=b8d2c66251ed654f&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa30CYbGuRfSOr5f1WugnLyHJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kep9oq50hh82n
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Date: Immediate Location: New York, NY Type: FTE (Full Time Employee) JOB DESCRIPTION Symphony is looking for a senior-level, server-side Java software engineer to support its exponential growth. As a Symphony Backend Engineer, you'll be designing and implementing the cloud-based server-side logic for our secure communications platform. Working closely with Symphony’s industry partners and large financial clients, you will help design and integrate external platforms with Symphony’s enterprise-class, secure, end-to-end encrypted messaging application. Our engineers design and implement utilizing open source stacks (e.g. hbase, kafka, solr), extreme scaling within the cloud, and encryption in transit/at rest. This role is for a strong hands-on software engineer who also has outstanding communications skills. The successful candidate will be ready for a role that includes both directly contributing to the development of Symphony’s platform integration interfaces, and has the strong relationship management and communications skills to work directly with outside organizations to help create a complete technical solution. Why you are needed now: Symphony is a secure messaging startup backed by an array of the world’s leading financial institutions. Our clients and industry partners aim to create rich integrations with the Symphony front-end: Huge customer and industry demand for connections with 3rd party content and integration, and connections to enterprise applications Each one of these features needs to be maintainable, secure, and scalable to a large number of partner integrations Symphony is designed as an open platform which enables widespread integration. Platform integration is core to our product strategy. The problems you will be solving: Provide sophisticated back-end integration hooks to deliver hooks into Symphony’s core messaging platform, supporting integration with secure message “bots,” content and trading platform information feeds, and other server-side applications. Our clients are large, sophisticated global enterprises who seek to integrate Symphony in a complex fashion with their internal systems. Our partners include many application and content providers. Handling these complex stakeholders and delivering a strategic solution is the core of this challenging and crucial role. RESPONSIBILITIES Participate in development of Symphony's Server / Backend Development Work with clients and industry partners to explain how our interfaces work and assist in integrating with Symphony at both an architectural and code level Design, implement and test highly scalable, multi-tier, distributed server software applications Design and implement distributed and highly concurrent Java based enterprise services Create maintainable and scalable features fit for use by demanding enterprise clients QUALIFICATIONS Outstanding technical communications skills and stakeholder management 10+ years experience in a Java server-side software design and development Solid background in fundamentals of computer science and development process Experience developing high quality centralized server based apps Experience with open source frameworks and tools BS or MS degree in Computer Science or a related technical field DESIRED BUT NOT REQUIRED NoSQL and SQL databases Experience deploying server applications on Google App Engine (GAE), Google Compute Engine GCE and Amazon Web Service (AWS) Experience with any of the following: Kafka, Solr, Tomcat, HBase and Hadoop, ZooKeeper, Mongo, Camel Master’s Degree, and Machine learning exposure are a plus Experience with communication and messaging applications Experience with security software and solutions Experience designing and implementing scalable, high performance, server side Java applications Experience with distributed systems, persistence, caching, concurrent programming ABOUT SYMPHONY'S TECHNOLOGY STACK We selected Apache Kafka, Apache Solr, MongoDB and HBase due to their superior distributed nature, performance, reliability, and ability to scale to the volume of data generated by the expected workload. We built out the ReSTFUL web services layer in a stateless manner using Apache Tomcat, meaning capacity could be added linearly, by simply adding more boxes behind the load balancer. The client front end was conceived as a web client that could be delivered on any device, any operating system, anywhere in the world. To build it, we chose HTML5/CSS3, with JQuery, Backbone and Handlebars doing the bulk of the heavy lifting. Symphony's front-end web application uses the modular pattern made popular in CommonJS, which builds each component as a loosely coupled anonymous closure. The core of the JavaScript app handles request transport details, new message notifications and updates, configuration of the UI layout, and much more. These functions are abstracted behind a public sandbox and selectively bundled into modules when the components are loaded. This architecture helps Symphony add new components quickly and seamlessly because they are isolated from each other, and lets developers control exactly how much of the app needs to load—an architecture specifically designed for integration and customization. ABOUT SYMPHONY Designed for the exchange of high-value content, Symphony is a secure communication and workflow platform that improves workplace productivity and connects users to their professional and personal community. Symphony has attracted the world’s top financial institutions with a $66 million investment to develop a scalable, cloud-based and highly secure collaboration and communication platform that will address the enterprise and compliance requirements for the financial services industry. The Symphony platform is intended to be used by some of the most time-conscious firms on the planet who are regularly corresponding high-value information—where a delay of a few seconds can have significant cost implications. Symphony’s secure communication platform will be available to all financial institutions and professionals world-wide in mid-2015. Now we’re looking for top-notch engineers, programmers and marketers (etc.) to join our team in Palo Alto, CA and New York to help us change the way the world communicates. If you have the skills and savvy to work with a world-class team, and an appetite for game-changing disruption, we definitely want to hear from you. COMPENSATION Competitive Base Salary and Incentive (Stock Option) plan / Health/Dental/Vision/401k (We accept existing H1B Visa applicants) Symphony appreciates your interest in our company. Symphony is an Equal Opportunity Employer. SYMPHONY BENEFITS Competitive salary based on experience, skills, and qualifications Medical, Dental, and Vision coverage 401(K) Plan Life and AD&amp;D coverage Short Term and Long Term Disability coverage Employee Assistance Program Flexible Spending Account benefits Uncapped vacation and sick time Fully stocked kitchen and catered lunches Discounted gym memberships Many other fun and exciting benefits and activities! Symphony reserves the right of ownership for all unsolicited resumes submitted for this requisition and is not responsible for any fees associated with unsolicited resumes.	Senior Java Backend Software Engineer – Platform Integration	Symphony Communication Services, LLC	New York	NY	New York, NY	Symphony Communication Services, LLC	Mon, 03 Aug 2015 02:59:09 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=290bc98f9f30f088&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa30CYbGuRfSOr5f1WugnLyHJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kep9oq50hh82n
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Software Engineer Manufacturer of complex electro-mechanical systems is in need of a talented Software Engineer to participate in all aspects of the design and maintenance of software for their high performance precision products. Full life-cycle software development; programming to include conceptual design, general coding, release to manufacturing testing, and quality assurance. Candidate needs to be able to produce final release software for manufacturing including associated documentation. Candidate needs to demonstrate the ability to use appropriate development tools, compliers, and simulation. Must be capable of working within a team environment to plan, organize, execute and thoroughly document complex system designs, including the ability to assist in developing technical solutions to customer specifications. Test and debug skills are necessary; must understand interoperability of hardware and software. Knowledge of and experience with Microsoft Visual Studio; C, C#, VB, and Windows programming (WIN32, .NET) are required. Knowledge of and experience with analog and digital design (motor drive, microcontrollers) are a plus. Must be able to manage and support multiple tasks on a consistent basis, while providing the highest level of service. Good verbal and writing skills are necessary. Primary Responsibilities • Candidate will participate in all aspects of the software design and invention of high performance precision hardware products. •Includes conceptual design, architecting, and programming. •Includes debugging, and system testing applications and modules in various software languages. •Creation and upkeep of company product documents. •Maintenance of current products and feature addition. •Coordinate multiple build activities internally with engineering projects. •Directing test engineers and technicians on specific projects. •Provide customer support in the factory and in the field. Job Requirements • BS Computer Engineering or BSEE and 3+ years applicable experience in Windows programming design preferred. •Strong knowledge of C, C#, and Microsoft (WIN32, .NET) are required. •Strong knowledge of Microsoft SQL •Strong knowledge of Communication : TCP/IP, Serial, USB •Strong Knowledge of software development tools. •Knowledge of design, development, test engineering, and manufacturing processes. •Knowledge of Front End graphical user interface design •Must be capable of working within a team to plan. •Must be capable of thoroughly documenting complex system designs. •Proven ability to assist in developing technical solutions to customer specifications. •Experience with testing and debugging; in lab prototypes (initial bring up) and in field customer sites. •Ability to read hardware block diagrams, schematics, and wiring diagrams. •Knowledge of PCB schematic and layout tools a plus. •Basic computer skills, including Microsoft suite; Outlook, Word, Excel, etc... •Good verbal and writing skills are necessary. •Must be a US Citizen or Green Card holder Apply For This Job: Email your resume to Info@IntegralStaff.com referencing the Job ID in the title above. Thank You.	Software Engineer	Integral Staffing	Ramsey	NJ	Ramsey, NJ	Integral Staffing	Thu, 01 Oct 2015 22:44:17 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=1d42aa73823cdcd1&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa30CYbGuRfSOr5f1WugnLyHJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kep9oq50hh82n
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	iHeartRadio, iHeartMedia’s free digital radio service, is the No. 1 all-in-one digital audio service with over 600 million downloads; it reached its first 20 million registered users faster than any digital service in Internet history and reached 70 million users faster than any digital music service and even faster than Twitter, Facebook and Pinterest. The company’s operations include radio broadcasting, online, mobile, digital and social media, live concerts and events, syndication, music research services and independent media representation. iHeartRadio is looking for several Test Engineers who believe deeply in Continuous Integration and Deployment and have extensive background working in fast-paced, agile environments. As a Test Engineer, you will be embedded directly into our product teams and will work alongside existing Software Engineers to help build and expand our suite of automation tools and frameworks. If you have a passion for bringing push button deployments with full testing and regression tools to life, including Selenium Webdriver, PhantomJS, Appium, and Java, and have rapid and high quality deployments as a minimum standard for your team, you will love this role. We take our testing seriously and we want Engineers to be autonomous, creative and most of all produce high quality software. Quality not only entails finding bugs, but also helping to commit code, including functional tests, measuring performance, latency and data consistency across our entire product portfolio. Responsibilities: Architect and create an Automation Framework using open source technologies Work directly on our product teams ensuring proper Functional and Regression test coverage using tools like Selenium Webdriver, PhantomJS, Appium, Java, JUnit, TestNG, XCTest and others Ensure that the testing and automation tools are wired into our Continuous Integration proc ess using tools like Jenkins Work with individual engineers to ensure that the different product teams have a high degree of focus on quality by working on strategies (and code) for Functional testing Execute any manual testing required to move product work through the agile sprints Ensure all testing includes a multi-platform approach by thinking about different browsers and devices where iHeartRadio products live Collaborate with Product Managers and Engineers on building out test strategies and plans Requirements: Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or equivalent 3+ Years experience in a Test Engineering role for both client or backend based products Extensive experience in writing automated tests using frameworks like Selenium Webdriver, Appium, Java, JUnit, TestNG, Git Experience testing HTML and Mobile interfaces manually and automated Strong understanding of basic protocols like HTTP iHeartMedia is an equal opportunity employer and will not tolerate discrimination in employment on the basis of race, color, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, religion, disability, ethnicity, national origin, marital status, protected veteran status, genetic information, or any other legally protected classification or status. Required Skills Required Experience	Software Engineer in Test	iHeartMedia, Inc.	New York	NY	New York, NY	iHeartMedia, Inc.	Sat, 01 Aug 2015 06:24:54 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=8727add57ce985a7&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa30CYbGuRfSOr5f1WugnLyHJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kep9oq50hh82n
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	RESPONSIBILITIES: Kforce has a client has a client seeking a Junior Java Software Engineer 2 in Jersey City, New Jersey (NJ). This is a great opportunity for someone who has the desire to work with teams that are passionate about lean startup principles, innovation and creating amazing customer experiences. This is a company that is continuously recognized for its world-class products! Responsibilities: Responsible for design, evaluation and implementation of innovative software components for a large scale, fault tolerant and distributed software platform Help the client to implement their next generation audio platform delivering leading edge audio quality to customers using collaboration software as well as the stand-alone audio conferencing service Apply skills and experience in an agile/scrum environment, working closely with developers, designers, and product managers Work on cutting edge, cloud based, Software-as-a-Service products for a major player in the software/tech industry Work in an Agile Software development environment Work closely with Architect and Senior Engineers to design and implement a software solution in either Java or C++ (based on background) Work with the Quality Engineering Team to support product validation and deployment to LIVE environment Work with Scrum Master, Product Managers to understand and groom stories based on user requirements REQUIREMENTS: Experience in C++ or Java and one or more scripting languages (e.g., JavaScript, Python) Experience in UNIX programming Knowledge of Object-oriented Programming (OOP); including, modular design and development Knowledge of data structures, collections and algorithms and familiarity with Linux based systems Knowledge in Networking technologies and multi-threaded programming Knowledge of highly scalable, distributed fault tolerant systems Java background C++ background, knowledge with client-server systems, Internet communication protocols and real-time communication protocols (RTP, SIP/SDP, H.323) Self-Starter, quick learner and able to thrive in a culturally and technically diverse team environment Experience in Web development (e.g. MVC frameworks, Ajax Frameworks, Java, Spring, Hibernate, HTTP, XML, TCP/IP, JavaScript, JSP/Servlets) Experience designing and developing APIs and Web Services Understanding of databases, (e.g. NoSQL, SQL, schema design) 	Junior - Mid Core Java Software Engineer	Kforce	Jersey City	NJ	Jersey City, NJ	Kforce	Tue, 22 Sep 2015 19:43:30 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=07b2e1fdc1e75b75&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa30CYbGuRfSOr5f1WugnLyHJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kep9oq50hh82n
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Design and code from specifications, analyzes, evaluates, tests, debugs, documents, and implements complex software apps - Uses coding methods in specific programming languages to initiate or enhance program execution and functionality - Under general direction, devises or modifies procedures to solve complex problems considering computer equipment capacity and limitations, operating time, and form of desired results - Competent to work at the highest technical level of all phases of applications programming activities - Monitor program execution for expected performance - Monitors systems capacity and performance, plans and executes disaster recovery procedures, and provides Tier 2 technical support. - Strong front-end performance tuning experience of web based applications (Java, J2EE, JavaScript, SPRING, HTML, XML, DHTML, WebServices, CSS, AJAX, SOA, EJB) - Strong analytical &amp; troubleshooting skills - Exposure to ATG platform is a plus. - Exposure to monitoring tools Wily and CEM is a plus. Requires a bachelor's degree in area of specialty and at least 4-8 years of experience in the field or in a related area Skill set Java. Work Experience 4+ Yrs Number of positions 1	Software Systems Engineer	RiVi Consulting Group	Township of Warren	NJ	Township of Warren, NJ	RiVi Consulting Group	Thu, 27 Aug 2015 23:39:44 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=da32e503891a7336&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa30CYbGuRfSOr5f1WugnLyHJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kep9oq50hh82n
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Lead Software Engineer (.NET) Works within a scrum team to design and develop software products in the Microsoft .NET environment (C#, ASP.NET, SQL 2014, MVC). Lead Software Engineer (.NET) Essential Functions: Serve as technical team lead for a small, senior product development scrum team. Drive software architecture of next-generation .NET SaaS platform, including SQL Server 2014 data model, persistence layer, web-services based business tier, business rules engine, UI tier, and integration components. Establish and maintain best-practice development standards. Implement and maintain automated build and deployment scripts. Work with QA engineers to identify and correct defects found in testing. Support products in the field by working with customers and technical support representatives (light travel may be required). Support clients and internal users on new product releases and features. Skills Required: Top-notch .NET/MVC development skills (C#). Experience designing and developing multi-tenant SaaS products. Demonstrated leadership and mentoring experience. Excellent interpersonal skills and oral/written communication. Ability to handle challenging situations and multiple tasks simultaneously while performing within tight time constraints. Lead Software Engineer (.NET) Technical Skills: Minimum 10 years end-to-end web development experience. Minimum 5 years experience with the C# and web frameworks such as .NET MVC. Familiarity with other server-side language such as PHP (preferred) Java or Ruby. Familiarity with client-side technologies including but not limited to HTML, CSS and Javascript libraries such as JQuery. Experience with HTML5 and responsive web design preferred. Minimum 5 years experience with relational database design and development (SQL Server preferred). Experience working in agile programming environment. Education and Experience: Four-year college degree in Computer Science or a related field, or equivalent experience is required.	Lead Software Engineer (.NET)	Smith & Keller	New York	NY	New York, NY	Smith & Keller	Tue, 15 Sep 2015 10:04:33 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=6e0cdc78f06cc7e7&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa30CYbGuRfSOr5f1WugnLyHJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kep9oq50hh82n
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	RESPONSIBILITIES: Kforce is seeking candidates for our client in Florham Park, New Jersey. This is a great opportunity to work in a R&amp;D lab environment. Our client is looking for candidates with a passion to solve tough challenges through innovation and the application of technology Responsibilities: In the lab, will be performing R&amp;D to: Create novel wireless communications and situational awareness systems using standards based and custom communications protocols. Create unique systems for use in air, land and maritime environments Employ advanced signal and protocol processing, channel modeling and waveform design from HF to W band and optical frequencies as well Join a fast-moving, high-performing multidisciplinary team with a record of success and opportunity for advancement You will develop advanced protocol processing and processing algorithms for unique applications. The programs are for applied research and technology in an advanced networking and communication organization Position Responsibilities: Apply and perform systems analysis, modeling and simulation of processing systems and demonstrate systems via simulated and/or real data input Perform functional analysis, performance analysis and synthesis of protocol implementations (including physical transmission convergence and higher layer) for Radio and Core Access Technologies Conceptualize, define, design, and prototype complex systems engineering solutions May lead a team of engineers to accomplish a similar task Work with upper-level engineers to identify need for improvement and work on implementing solutions to meet those needs REQUIREMENTS: Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or Electrical Engineering and 6-8 years of experience or an equivalent combination of skills, education and experience. Master's degree preferred Experience coding in C/C++ Understand the wireless protocol stacks for GSM, LTD,and 3G UMTS/CDMA Applicants selected will be subject to a government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information Working knowledge of radio access, core network, interface protocol and the call flows over these interfaces Experience in 3GPP/IEEE/ANSI/ITU/ETSI Wireless and Trunked mobile radio protocols and survey tools Demonstrated ability to rapidly prototype protocols and applications Demonstrated knowledge of object oriented architecture, programming and programming methods Experience with Linux Demonstrated ability to leverage open source programs, rapid integration methods, web interfaces and services implementation, XML implementation methods Object oriented architecture, programming and programming methods required Demonstrated experience or knowledge of software methods - from those that are highly formal requiring extensive documentation and reviews to 'extreme' programming techniques Excellent communication and interpersonal skills 	Software / Wireless Protocols Engineer	Kforce	Florham Park	NJ	Florham Park, NJ	Kforce	Fri, 02 Oct 2015 18:45:35 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=65e18d7dd561ae46&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa30CYbGuRfSOr5f1WugnLyHJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kep9oq50hh82n
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Develop services, systems and tools using mostly C#, ASP.NET MVC and SQL Server Full Stack .Net Software Engineer – CONTRACT – New York, NY Full Stack .Net Software Engineer Summary &amp; Skills: As a full stack software engineer, you’ll develop innovative technologies that are changing the Alternative Asset Management industry. You’ll work with other engineers and business analysts to design, build, deploy, and support the core business Innovation's suite of applications. You’ll tackle a variety of problems ranging from optimizing data retrieval performance to scaling out infrastructure or bringing complex systems together. You’ll devise elegant solutions, and put your own best ideas to work in an entrepreneurial environment inside one of the world's most successful companies. Develop services, systems and tools using mostly C#, ASP.NET MVC and SQL Server Lead and participate in technical, design and operations reviews throughout the development cycle Identify areas of the business which could be streamlined through the application of technology Build and share reusable components Automate everything Grow the team by sharing your specialized skills Qualifications: My client is seeking to hire individuals who are highly motivated, intelligent and have demonstrated excellence in prior endeavors. Qualified candidates will possess: A B.S. in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or similar A desire to learn and adapt to new technologies A self-starting, entrepreneurial attitude Object-oriented programming experience in any language A desire to keep improving Pluses include experience with JavaScript / JavaScript frameworks (jQuery, underscore, knockout, d3) CSS / SASS / Coffee Source control Database technologies .NET / C# / ASP.NET Follow us on our BLOG to see more jobs like this: http://ny.vereduscorp.com/ Why Veredus? Candidates work with a professional Recruiter whose average experience is eight years in the industry. That means they have intimate knowledge of the Information Technology industry and market trends - who is in demand now and who will be next. Your Veredus Recruiter will lead you through a thorough screening process in order to understand your skills, experience, needs, and desires. They also counsel their candidates in resume writing, interviewing, and career planning so when there’s a position you really want, you’re fully prepared to get it. Additionally, if the position is a consulting opportunity Veredus provides full benefits starting Day 1, and at virtually no cost to you. Medical Dental Vision 401K Life Insurance ($20,000 benefit) ATOP - Accrued Time Off Program Consultant Lunches and Outings Consultant Web-Site Name Plates Care packages/Survival packs Dedicated Consulting Services Representative Veredus has been recognized as one of the “Best Staffing Firms to Work For” by Staffing Industry Analysts the last 3 years in a row. Nervous about an upcoming interview Want to be as prepared as possible Click on the link below and you will have access to the Veredus Interview Prep Video - culled from hundreds of years of collective experience in preparing candidates for that all important job interview: http://vereduscorp.com/career-center/ Veredus Corporation is an EEO/Affirmative Action Employer M/F/D/V. Drug testing may be required; please contact Recruiter for more information.	Full Stack .NET Software Engineer	Veredus	New York	NY	New York, NY	Veredus	Wed, 16 Sep 2015 07:46:58 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=b4bb4243be903c41&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa30CYbGuRfSOr5f1WugnLyHJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kep9oq50hh82n
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Job Title: Sr. Software Engineer Job Location: Rockleigh, NJ Job Type: Full time/ Permanent REQUIREMENTS Client is looking for a Software Engineer to be an integral member of their device management software platform. Must have experience with C#, .Net, C++. Must have experience in programming interactions with hardware devices or in writing firmware. WPF experience is a plus. Experience with protocol specifications and analysis is a plus. At least 2 years industry experience or significant programming achievements are needed. S. Computer Engineering, Computer Science or equivalent Required experience: C#, .Net, C++, MVVM: 5 years 	Sr. Software Engineer	Prospance inc	Rockleigh	NJ	Rockleigh, NJ	Indeed	Mon, 17 Aug 2015 22:31:26 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=75783ac48da1331d&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa30CYbGuRfSOr5f1WugnLyHJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kep9oq50hh82n
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	We’re looking for extremely talented, passionate and resourceful a Software Engineer – PHP that want to join a collaborative, humorous and hard-working team of developers that really believe in what they’re building – someone who loves the thrill of working with an awesome startup where they can build systems that are so good they want to brag about them! Responsibilities for Software Engineer – PHP Building out next generation e-commerce platforms and systems Analyzing application performance Identifying and resolving application and database bottlenecks Writing SQL queries and data modelling for real time reporting Skills &amp; Requirements for Software Engineer – PHP Gotta Have Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science/Engineering preferred or combined equivalent of education and/or experience 5+ years of experience developing database driven web applications, and solid experience in the latest web technologies, including PHP 5.x, MySQL, XML, CSS3, JSON and JQuery 3+ years of OOP/MVC PHP programming 2+ years developing test driven code using tools such as (PHPUnit, Jenkins, etc) Solid experience working within LAMP environment Experience in developing database driven web applications, combining back-end database with frontend integration. Hope you Have Experience with Zend Framework Experience developing web services A passion for learning and experimentation. While our core is PHP, we like to use the tool for the job. Want to build a subsystem with Redis, Gearman, NodeJS, or StatsD? Go for it! A strong portfolio of web-oriented projects.* Guru Skills Amazing “can-do” attitude Tireless energy &amp; motivation Able to leap from one activity to the next – without breaking a sweat! Able to “go with the flow” – very zen! 	Software Engineer – PHP (160K)	Smith & Keller	New York	NY	New York, NY	Smith & Keller	Tue, 15 Sep 2015 10:03:41 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=1de28a5c2501975c&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa30CYbGuRfSOr5f1WugnLyHJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kep9oq50hh82n
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	In a time where people are canceling their cable TV subscriptions in favor of online streaming media, there's a NYC technology startup responsible for over 94 billion plays and over 4 billion hours of streaming video watched last year. Their video player is currently deployed on over 2 million web properties and streams nearly 5% of all internet video. They recently created a mobile streaming platform and are looking for an Android Engineer to take ownership of developing their Android SDK. Your work will enable native app developers to build streaming video functionality into their apps. This company's product is the third most used streaming video player (only behind YouTube and Facebook) so your work will be immediately deployed to a massive audience. Requirements: 2+ years of Android app or SDK development experience Knowledge of some of the following: Java, Python, JavaScript, HTML, Git, Jenkins, C++ BS, MS, or PHD in Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics, or a related field of study 	Android Software Engineer - Streaming Video SDK	HiringCatalyst	New York	NY	New York, NY	Breezy HR	Mon, 02 Nov 2015 19:53:20 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=61cc7e60fbded611&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa30CYbGuRfSOr5f1WugnLyHJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kep9oq50hh82n
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Job Title: Senior Software Engineer - API - Scala, AKKA, Play Job Location: New York Job Type: Full Time Job Description: Company is hiring Software Engineers to help us innovate in the way we develop our industry-leading communications monitoring and analytics service platform for the financial industry. Organization Vault is a startup within the company Enterprise group. Their infrastructure processes over 250 million messages per day and our archive manages over 80 billion communications objects ranging from e-mail to voice recordings. They believe in building the best cloud-services for our customers using the best tools for the job and They’re looking for developers who want to have an impact in the financial industry. We are using open source technologies including: Java, Scala, Play Framework, Accumulo, Hadoop, jQuery, Docker IO. Must have: A hands-on problem solver with excellent software design and implementation skills using scalable REST web services in Scala/Java (7,8) using Akka/Play. Solid experience with OO driven development and frameworks similar to Play Solid experience working with HTML5, AJAX, CSS and front-end technologies Experience as component owner making significant contributions to code, architecture, performance, robustness and reliability. A self-starter who brings energy, passion and creativity to work every day. Desired Skills: BA/BS in Computer Science, related degree, or strong comparable experience. 5+ years of professional software development experience. Experience developing modern enterprise or REST applications using languages like Scala/Java/Python etc. Knowledge of RDBMs like MySQL, data modeling, SQL tuning and optimization Familiarity with NoSQL data stores like Accumulo, Solr, Redis or Memcache 	Senior Software Engineer - API - Scala, AKKA, Play	MSH Group	New York	NY	New York, NY	MSH Group	Thu, 17 Sep 2015 05:22:05 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=0d542e319af83aed&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa30CYbGuRfSOr5f1WugnLyHJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kep9oq50hh82n
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	The Senior Software Engineer will be accountable for leading a small team as well as developing and maintaining key modules of the V12 Group's suite of SaaS applications. The Engineer will be working on a variety of applications and next generation products as well as working on a team of top developers with cutting edge technologies. Responsibilities • Design, develop and modify modules based on functional and system requirements • Work closely with Product Owner for understanding the functional and system requirements • Provide feedback during design and code peer reviews • Adhere to software team's established processes and tools • Participate in sprint planning and estimating • Contribute ideas for process improvement, including coding practices, standards and tools • Work closely with Software Engineers to ensure architectural integrity and product quality • Mentor junior engineers in development methodologies and best practices • Engage in continuous self-improvement of technical and communications skills • Solid understanding of OOP/OOD Principles • Participate in testing process through unit testing and bug fixes • Strong ability to debug code quickly and efficiently • Maintain awareness of deadlines and priorities • All other duties as assigned Skills &amp; Requirements Position Requirements Formal Education &amp; Certification • BS/BA degree in Computer Science, Information Systems or related field Like to Haves • 4-6+ years in a working environment • Experience leading a team • HTML5 / CSS3 / JavaScript • JQuery / knockoutjs / AngularJS • C# • ASP.NET MVC • Basic Design Patterns (Factory, Repository, Singleton, UnitOfWork, Dependency Injection) • Team leadership/Scrum Master • Experience organizing and coordinating programming tasks assigned to other Software Engineers • Experience monitoring project status, technical leadership, mentoring and providing insight within the Software Engineering department Other valuable skills • ADO.NET / ORM: Entity Framework, NHibernate • SQL Server Databases (SQL Queries, Stored Procedures, Database Triggers) • Agile/Scrum methodologies • Familiarity building multithreaded applications • Experience with modern Internet APIs, protocols, and patterns including REST, JSON, XML • WCF, WebAPI 2, Web Services (REST, SOAP) • Embrace a test-driven development (TDD) approach, leveraging unit test tools such as JUnit and NUnit (BTT nice to have) Personal Attributes • Experience at working both independently and in a team-oriented, collaborative environment is essential • Analytical and problem-solving capabilities • Strong attention to detail and ability to multi-task • Ability to work under tight project deadlines About V12 Group If you’re looking for a company where you can work hard, have fun, get inspired, and be well compensated then we’re looking for you. V12 Group is proof that you don’t have to choose between the inflexibility of corporate culture and the uncertainty of a startup. Enjoy a comprehensive benefits package, generous vacation time, and a highly competitive salary all in an environment that promotes creativity and innovation. Headquartered in Red Bank, NJ, V12 Group is a two-time honoree of NJBIZ’s Best Places to Work in New Jersey. Since 2002, V12 Group has been providing customers, clients, and users of Launchpad, our marketing cloud, with leading technology, quality data, and an unparalleled customer experience. You don’t have to travel to Silicon Valley to join a leading technology company; you just have to apply. Contact us today to learn more about V12 Group, our team, and your future. Check out our corporate site at: http://www.v12groupinc.com/ As well as our Launchpad Marketing Cloud at: https://launchpadcloud.com/ \	Senior Software Engineer/Marketing-Technology company with latest technologies!	V12 Group	Red Bank	NJ	Red Bank, NJ	StackOverflow Jobs	Thu, 29 Oct 2015 20:48:03 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=bd5b20bfc29b3c90&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa30CYbGuRfSOr5f1WugnLyHJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kep9oq50hh82n
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	DESCRIPTION: Catchpoint Systems is in need of a Back-End Software Engineer who will play an essential role in developing our data analytics platform, which is a distributed, multi-threaded, fault tolerant system. The Engineer will often work with and enhance our custom NoSQL DB, which is used for populating, aggregating, and extracting very large data, to be used by our clients for reporting &amp; alerting. EXPERIENCE: 3+ years of experience in either C#, C++, or Java 3+ years of experience in writing multi-threaded applications and services Big Data Processing Deep understanding of SQL, and design patterns Building and maintaining unit/functional/integration tests Writing client server applications Familiarity with: Developing and integrating with WCF and/or other Webservice frameworks Understanding of .NET Frameworks Addressing and Troubleshooting network issues Database management LINQ REQUIREMENTS: BS or MS degree in Computer Science or related major COMPENSATION: We offer great benefits along with a stable and professional work environment, health insurance, and stock options. OVERVIEW: Catchpoint Systems offers wide-ranging and easy-to-use web monitoring tools that allow businesses to discover and fix problems with their websites before they impact end users, ultimately saving revenue and time, and preserving their brand in the eyes of consumers. Using Catchpoint’s customizable dashboards, analytics capabilities, and innovative alerting system, DevOps professionals can rest easy knowing that their synthetic monitoring needs are taken care of, and that their sites’ speed, availability, and reliability are maximized. At the same time, Catchpoint’s Real User Measurement solution ensures that the sites’ critical conversion paths are optimized to the fullest extent. Over 250 clients, including major brands such as Comcast, LinkedIn, Overstock, TripAdvisor, Wayfair, Priceline, and more have realized the benefit of Catchpoint as a third party monitoring solution. The key to our value is the end-to-end visibility of the complete user experience that our clients are able to access. With 12 different monitor types, including browser, DNS, API, SSH, transaction, network path, and a number of others, Catchpoint users can synthetically monitor from 400+ locations around the world, getting real-time analytics across a broad variety of functionalities that make up their sites.	Software Engineer (Data Platform)	Catchpoint Systems	New York	NY	New York, NY	Catchpoint Systems	Mon, 03 Aug 2015 06:20:16 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=4e862e4420804738&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa30CYbGuRfSOr5f1WugnLyHJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kep9oq50hh82n
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Quidsi Inc., is a subsidiary of Amazon and entrepreneurial parent company to Diapers.com, Soap.com, BeautyBar.com, Wag.com, Yoyo.com, Look.com, Afterschool.com, Casa.com and Vinemarket.com. We are a mom-centric retail technology company. We deliver delightful experiences, products, and expertise by offering a curated selection of products, lightning-fast delivery, incredible customer service, and an easy-to-navigate shopping experience. Quidsi’s sites are host to millions of daily visitors and our warehouses are run by hundreds of autonomous Kiva robots. Our entire operation from our websites/apps, to our fulfillment centers and customer care center is focused on creating an enjoyable end-to-end customer experience. To get there, we need exceptionally talented, bright and driven people who are energized by "what if" (the meaning of Quidsi in Latin). If you'd like to help us build the place where people can find and buy anything online, come and innovate with us! We are building a high caliber technology team consisting of the brightest minds who raise the bar and enjoy being vigorously challenged. The ideal candidate is passionate about design and architecture with an unwavering commitment to code quality. The Senior Software Development Engineer is an idea generator who offers innovative solutions through a combination of creative thinking and deep understanding of the problem space. Projects will leverage Amazon’s technological capabilities and platforms to make Quidsi’s solutions compelling, unique and sustainable. Responsibilities : · Propose, prototype and evaluate multiple areas of optimization for our e-commerce applications and mobile-optimized sites · Build high availability/ high reliability software on time · Construct secure, scalable, and low-latency services and mobile applications · Provide hands-on code contribution and shipping responsibility - libraries, API's, documentation · Partner with Marketing, Merchandising and other business stakeholders to define functional solutions for business problems Basic Qualifications · Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or a related field or corresponding experience equaling 4 year degree · 5+ years experience in at least one of the following modern programming languages: Java, C#, C++, Python, Ruby, Scala, Groovy or any other modern non-scripting language · Minimum of 2 years of web applications/services experience Preferred Qualifications · Building highly-available distributed systems on a cloud infrastructure (e.g. AWS) · Delivering low-latency, consumer-internet-scale web services · Experience working with, or an interest in Agile Methodologies, such as Extreme Programming (XP) and Scrum · Strong OO skills, Computer Science fundamentals in data structures and algorithm design · Training and mentoring the engineering community on complex technical issues · Managing expectations, meeting firm deadlines and thriving in a dynamic work environment · Problem solving and complexity analysis · Strong verbal and written communication skills · Maintaining a sense of humor Quidsi Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer-Affirmative Action Employer Female/Minority/Disability/Vet .tch1.qds.crp.	Lead Software Development Engineer – Quidsi, Amazon Subsidiary	Quidsi, Inc.	Jersey City	NJ	Jersey City, NJ	Amazon.com	Fri, 14 Aug 2015 05:17:09 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=102593e6fa6a8039&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa30CYbGuRfSOr5f1WugnLyHJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kep9oq50hh82n
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Crestron is the world's leading manufacturer of advanced control and automation systems, innovating technology and reinventing the way people live and work. Offering integrated solutions to control audio, video, computer, IP and environmental systems, Crestron streamlines technology, improving the quality of life for people in corporate boardrooms, conference rooms, classrooms, auditoriums, and in their homes. Crestron's software test team is seeking a talented and self-motivated engineer with software and/or software testing experience in a hardware environment who can apply his/her expertise to testing our software products in order to assure quality and stability prior to deployment. Responsibilities: Formulate test strategies for new and existing software products Design, develop and update test plans and test cases as needed Execute test plans, report results and create problem reports when applicable Position Requirements: BS in Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering or Computer Science Minimum of 3 years of software and/or software testing experience within a hardware environment Strong troubleshooting and debugging skills Able to multi-task effectively Methodical and detail-oriented Able to work independently as well as within a team Excellent verbal and written communication skills Must be able to work in the U.S. without sponsorship Preferred: System level testing experience Crestron knowledge Skills and Education Requirements: BS in Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering or Computer Science Minimum of 3 years of software and/or software testing experience within a hardware environment Strong troubleshooting and debugging skills Able to multi-task effectively Methodical and detail-oriented Able to work independently as well as within a team Excellent verbal and written communication skills 	Software Quality Engineer	Crestron Electronics	Rockleigh	NJ	Rockleigh, NJ	Crestron Electronics	Tue, 25 Aug 2015 00:11:26 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=d44c0739efedd046&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa30CYbGuRfSOr5f1WugnLyHJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kep9oq50hh82n
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Crestron is the world's leading manufacturer of advanced control and automation systems, innovating technology and reinventing the way people live and work. Offering integrated solutions to control audio, video, computer, IP and environmental systems, Crestron streamlines technology, improving the quality of life for people in corporate boardrooms, conference rooms, classrooms, auditoriums, and in their homes. Crestron's software test team is seeking a talented and self-motivated engineer with software and/or software testing experience in a hardware environment who can apply his/her expertise to testing our software products in order to assure quality and stability prior to deployment. Responsibilities: Formulate test strategies for new and existing software products Design, develop and update test plans and test cases as needed Execute test plans, report results and create problem reports when applicable Position Requirements: BS in Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering or Computer Science Minimum of 3 years of software and/or software testing experience within a hardware environment Strong troubleshooting and debugging skills Able to multi-task effectively Methodical and detail-oriented Able to work independently as well as within a team Excellent verbal and written communication skills Must be able to work in the U.S. without sponsorship Preferred: System level testing experience Crestron knowledge Skills and Education Requirements: BS in Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering or Computer Science Minimum of 3 years of software and/or software testing experience within a hardware environment Strong troubleshooting and debugging skills Able to multi-task effectively Methodical and detail-oriented Able to work independently as well as within a team Excellent verbal and written communication skills 	Software Quality Engineer	Crestron	Rockleigh	NJ	Rockleigh, NJ	Crestron	Mon, 24 Aug 2015 22:41:41 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=7078e88edbd09003&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa30CYbGuRfSOr5f1WugnLyHJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kep9oq50hh82n
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	We are looking for a skilled iOS Developer with a passion for building simple user interfaces on top of complex systems. The ideal candidate contributes not only to the code, but also to the entire product vision. Experience 6+ months experience with Swift. Experience with Swift on a project in the App Store or Enterprise project preferred. Ability to develop against a variety of web architectures and services (HTTP, SOAP, REST, etc.) Knowledge of scripting languages (Ruby, Perl, Python, BASH, etc.) Experience with C++, Java, Android SDK, and Swift Javascript experience with an MVC framework and Bower, NPM, Grunt Experience integrating web services and social platforms (XML, JSON, REST, OAuth, Facebook, Twitter, Foursquare, etc.) Experience at the user interface and application levels Experience with databases (SQL, Core Data, etc.) Experience with common iOS frameworks like AFNetworking a plus, Swift frameworks such AlamoFire and SnapKit a plus Qualifications Strong object-oriented programming and design skills Cocoa or Cocoa-Touch development experience Passion for product quality and attention to detail Excellent communication skills Performance analysis and tuning experience including memory usage, CPU utilization, leak checking, etc. Excellent debugging skills to solve challenging problems Bonus Experience implementing Notification services including Urban Airship Experience with Passbook generation and integration	Senior Software Engineer Mobile Platforms - iOS Developer	R/GA	New York	NY	New York, NY	R/GA	Thu, 13 Aug 2015 21:28:58 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=1da430c1649f16af&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa30CYbGuRfSOr5f1WugnLyHJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kep9oq50hh82n
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Location: New York, NY Job Description We are looking for an experienced and professional Software Engineer to join our growing team. If you meet our background requirements and have a desire to work for a great company that takes care of its employees, this Software Engineer may be the ideal opportunity for you! MTS 2 Software Engineer Job Responsibilities Write high-quality, high-performance, maintainable full stack code for our Java/Java EE based product Participate as technical lead in the full Software Development Life Cycle (Agile/Scrum), iterative development, estimations and design sessions Lead architecture discussions in planning stage on architectural design of projects. Own product design by facilitating design reviews and staying abreast of design standards and incorporate into product design. Work closely with Product Managers, Software Engineers, Operations, and Quality Assurance Engineers in a collaborative environment to provide quality software and solutions. Partner with Product Manager to influence product future Maintain and champion our engineering culture: perform design and code review, introduce new tools and methods, give "brown bag" presentations, etc. MTS 2 Software Engineer Job Requirements Education: BSCS or BSEE or Other Related 4yr Technical Degree 2+ to 5 years' experience Minimum Education - Bachelor's Degree MTS 2 Software Engineer Benefits Our hires are treated to competitive pay and an excellent benefits package. To learn more about pay and benefits, please apply today! MTS 2 Software Engineer Company Overview The JAG Group is dedicated to provide effective medical staffing solutions for healthcare organizations and in offering practice opportunities and alternatives for the healthcare professionals we serve. The JAG Group is a member of NAPS (National Association of Personnel Services) and GAPS (Georgia Association of Personnel Services). Matching qualified healthcare professionals with medical practices and hospitals across the USA in need of healthcare employment is what we do best! Derrick Green The JAG Group www.thejaggroup.com jobs@thejaggroup.com 404-874-3624 direct 877-843-5244, Ext 24 678-904-7808 fax	MTS 2 Software Engineer	The Jag Group	New York	NY	New York, NY	The JAG Group	Sun, 13 Sep 2015 09:23:00 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=d3c47cd25b53e6b6&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0IKfO5BBuhUppqnYngLOQNJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kepekv5udlcja
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Job Requirements Looking for Full Stack Software Engineers with excellent coding skills and an Ad Tech background to help build a native advertising platform Strong experience with REST architecture/ development and full stack Java development. Relocation Assistance Available - Possible for ideal candidate Please submit your resume for consideration only if you meet requirements and qualifications. PLEASE SEND RESUME TO: aparker@snelling-atlanta.com	MTS 2, Software Engineer -NY0914	Snelling - Lilburn	New York	NY	New York, NY	Snelling Staffing Services	Mon, 14 Sep 2015 17:07:53 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=cad0bc178b13369f&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0IKfO5BBuhUppqnYngLOQNJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kepekv5udlcja
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	· Master’s and/or Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering or equivalent. · 5+ years of professional experience developing user facing apps in Objective-C/Swift for iOS and Java/C for Android. · Experience with AVFoundation, CoreGraphics, CoreMedia, MediaPlayer &amp; UIKit frameworks in iOS · Experience with XCode to build apps for iOS and OS X and used Instruments to find memory leaks, optimize your apps. · Great experience with Data Structures and Algorithms. · You have built apps for multiple form factors (iPhone 4, iPhone 6, 6+, iPad Air etc) from an idea and have launched them on the AppStore. · Solid experience with Android and enjoy writing apps for Android Phones and tablets. · Experience withAndroid Activity LifeCycle and have used Fragments. · Experience building apps that use JNI (Java Native Interface) and have a deep understanding about Java memory management and garbage collection in Android. · You can write readable, maintainable, performant object-oriented Java Email resume in Word to JeffAltman@TheBigGameHunter.us. Please include the job code for the position with your resume. NOTE: WE WILL ONLY RESPOND IF YOUR RESUME APPEARS TO FIT A ROLE NO PAID RELOCATION. NO OVERSEAS RESUMES. NO 3RD PARTIES. Applicants for employment in the US must possess work authorization which does not require sponsorship from the employer for a visa. To receive a complimentary subscription to my job search ezine, No B.S. Job Search Advice, go to www.TheBigGameHunter.usto subscribe. Listen to "Job Search Radio" on WebTalkRadio.net or in iTunes and other podcast directories. Want to ask me questions via phone, Skype or Facetime? Have your job search questions answered. The Big Game Hunter is a professional search firm and coaching service that helps people find superior opportunities and firms locate superior talent. In addition, we generate an extraordinary amount of information to help job hunters, recruiting professionals and hiring managers be more effective. Visit http://www.TheBigGameHunter.us	Senior Mobile Software Engineer	The Big Game Hunter	Hackensack	NJ	Hackensack, NJ	The Big Game Hunter	Tue, 20 Oct 2015 05:07:53 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=caa2bfafd6ea984e&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0IKfO5BBuhUppqnYngLOQNJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kepekv5udlcja
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Job Title: Senior Software Engineer, Android Discipline: Software Engineering Reports to: Director of Engineering, Mobile Apps Location: Seattle, WA or New York, NY Job Profile: Build rich, dynamic, cross-platform native mobile applications for Android and iOS devices. Work hand-in-hand with the design team to implement interfaces that look beautiful and adapt dynamically to all form factors. Architect complex UI interactions that push the boundaries of multi-touch interfaces. Implement animations and transitions that make experiences on mobile phones and tablets come to life. Establish infrastructure and practices for code reuse across development environments. Responsibilities: Execute on a software architecture and development plan to implement new features and products Write code to tackle challenging technical problems with a focus on readability, maintainability, performance, and quality Propose novel solutions to design and technical challenges Communicate effectively with your team and other product disciplines, raising issues early and offering solutions Develop all software according to coding standards and processes Perform reviews of other engineers’ code, designs, and architectures Make use of unit and integration tests wherever possible Mentor junior engineers Participate in the interview process for new team members Invent technology and infrastructure to share complex or platform agnostic software components across development ecosystems Advise other engineers, designers, and management on mobile application development for Android devices Requirements: BS degree in Computer Science or related field, or equivalent practical experience 4+ years of relevant work experience A solid foundation in computer science, with strong competencies in data structures, algorithms, and software design An extensive knowledge of Android application development, having developed and deployed at least one commercial Android application through the Google Play store Proven, self-motivated engineer with a track record of creating production-quality mobile applications Posses a strong passion for building custom user experiences Able to work effectively in a cross-disciplinary environment, particularly with designers Able to create a development plan for a given feature set, estimate its tasks, and execute on those tasks in an efficient manner Working knowledge of the iOS development platform is a plus Expert in C++, Objective-C, or Java Proficient with Git or similar revision control systems We Offer: Medical, Dental, Vision, 401(K) Life Insurance Commuter Benefits Corporate discounts through AnyPerk Catered in-office lunches twice weekly and fully stocked pantry Flexible Time Off Policy Employee Equity Program 	Sr Software Engineer, Android	FiftyThree	New York	NY	New York, NY	FiftyThree	Sun, 16 Aug 2015 21:48:28 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=5dfb38c6d0c7c9e9&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0IKfO5BBuhUppqnYngLOQNJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kepekv5udlcja
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Immediate need for Sr.Dot Net Developer Polaris Full time - Work Permit Green Card USAH1B Transfer End Customer - Banking Finanacial Client Excellent written oral communication skill. These will be needed to participate in weekly daily monthly calls with On-site customer managers. Passion for learning and rapid iteration Handle multiple assignments simultaneously Flexible and dedicated to work with distributed teams Should be willing to learn, scale-up and take individual responsibility to completion Should be flexible and be ready to work on different technologies as required by the business. Some of the applications and its related technologies might be legacy. Should have exposure in SDLC life cycle. With practical knowledge of how each of these development phases get executed. Preferably should have worked on at least one major project implementation. Knowledge of distributed working environment including 3-tiered and n-tiered architecture is needed. end Client is highly distributed process driven environment. Previous experience in working with major banks or distributed business implementations will add value There will be distributed vendor technology teams involved and the team member should be able to work along with them in coordinating and implementing deliverable additional skills Jquery, Javascript, Ajax, XSLT , Stylesheet Immediate need for Sr.Dot Net Developer Polaris Full time - Green Card /USA/H1B Transfer 84+ Months of experience in Dotnet, C# ,ASP.NET , SQL Server, SSIS and BI Skills	Senior Software Engineer	Polaris Software Lab Inc	Piscataway	NJ	Piscataway, NJ	Dice	Thu, 15 Oct 2015 03:00:41 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=90b60773c40a7d12&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0IKfO5BBuhUppqnYngLOQNJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kepekv5udlcja
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Description BD (Becton, Dickinson and Company), a leading global medical technology company, is seeking a senior principal software engineer to oversee all aspects of design, architecture, and development of web-based services for BD’s healthcare IT projects. They assume the technical leadership of entire projects and champion technical and architectural excellence. This candidate will have a passion for building robust, well-architected solutions and takes scalability and maintainability very seriously. The candidate should be passionate about great software, and enjoy the details involved with the long-term outlook of technology strategy. The position is an exciting opportunity to make a meaningful, positive impact on patients throughout world by leveraging the cutting edge technologies. This role offers competitive relocation compensation and the opportunity for partial remote work. Duties and Responsibilities: Supervise and lead the activities of an agile software development team Plan, architect and implement full stack front and backend applications in a high-volume environment on Microsoft and related technologies (.NET, C#, MVC, WebAPI, IIS, SQL Server, Azure, and JavaScript) Champion technical and architectural excellence; Ensure correct technology choices and champion exceptionally high standards in terms of adherence to best practices; Lead by example in terms of code consistency, performance, robustness, intuitive APIs, all of which are core tenets for solutions Implement modern DevOps processes for continuous software delivery Set and enforce development standards and practices throughout the organization Collaborate and provide technical and design guidance and suggestions within the team and department Guide and mentor; perform peer code reviews and architectural reviews Assume technical ownership of entire projects, feature sets and modules without needing daily oversight Oversee and monitor projects and initiatives for technical and architectural soundness Perform discovery and estimation of epics, stories and tasks in Scrum projects Qualifications Bachelor's or Master's degree in Computer Science or related field 5+ years of professional experience in software engineering 2 yrs of C#, ASP.NET, MVC, WebAPI Proficiency with multi-tiered, web/cloud architectures A strong computer science background and solid experience with object oriented design and programming A passion for writing polished, well-architected code Well versed in web, backend and database software development principles Experience in agile software development teams Intimate familiarity with patterns and practices of the Microsoft web technology stack Implementing and deploying web applications in IIS Database programming and relational schema design for SQL Server Familiarity with Microsoft Azure Job Other Primary Location US-New Jersey-Franklin Lakes Shift First Shift / Day Job Relocation Available No	Senior Principal Software Engineer	Becton Dickinson & Company	Franklin Lakes	NJ	Franklin Lakes, NJ	Becton Dickinson	Thu, 03 Sep 2015 15:30:26 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=e20d4e4c73e6d84a&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0IKfO5BBuhUppqnYngLOQNJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kepekv5udlcja
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Smith &amp; Keller is currently seeking a Software Implementation Engineer to come grow with us in a dynamic and challenging environment to join our team. The team is comprised of talented, creative and dedicated individuals with a passion for delivering innovative solutions to the market. Our client recognizes that every employee’s contributions are integral to the company’s growth and success. To find and acquire the best and brightest talent around the globe, we offer a challenging work environment, competitive compensation and benefits, and rewarding career opportunities. The Software Implementation Engineer will be part of a team performing implementations to thier clients working with financial and banking software. There is coding involved, however this is not building a new product. Each project is somewhat unique – each client environment, processing solution we integrate with and business model is different. This company only looks for the brightest and best! Responsibilities for the Software Implementation Engineer: Develop, enhance, test and implement solutions for the financial services industry Qualifications for the Software Implementation Engineer: Databases: SQL or Data Warehousing, ETL, OLAP Operating systems: Windows and Linux Programming language: Java OR C++, Javascript Web Technologies: HTML, XML, XSL, Servlets Excellent communication skills Excellent written and spoken English Pro-active and Team Oriented approach BS degree in Computer Science or related field Travel required 25% Occasional night/weekend work to move to production Experience for the Software Implementation Engineer: 2+ years experience with a Software Company 	Software Implementation Engineer – SQL	Smith & Keller	New York	NY	New York, NY	Smith & Keller	Tue, 15 Sep 2015 10:03:42 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=b8d2c66251ed654f&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0IKfO5BBuhUppqnYngLOQNJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kepekv5udlcja
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Date: Immediate Location: New York, NY Type: FTE (Full Time Employee) JOB DESCRIPTION Symphony is looking for a senior-level, server-side Java software engineer to support its exponential growth. As a Symphony Backend Engineer, you'll be designing and implementing the cloud-based server-side logic for our secure communications platform. Working closely with Symphony’s industry partners and large financial clients, you will help design and integrate external platforms with Symphony’s enterprise-class, secure, end-to-end encrypted messaging application. Our engineers design and implement utilizing open source stacks (e.g. hbase, kafka, solr), extreme scaling within the cloud, and encryption in transit/at rest. This role is for a strong hands-on software engineer who also has outstanding communications skills. The successful candidate will be ready for a role that includes both directly contributing to the development of Symphony’s platform integration interfaces, and has the strong relationship management and communications skills to work directly with outside organizations to help create a complete technical solution. Why you are needed now: Symphony is a secure messaging startup backed by an array of the world’s leading financial institutions. Our clients and industry partners aim to create rich integrations with the Symphony front-end: Huge customer and industry demand for connections with 3rd party content and integration, and connections to enterprise applications Each one of these features needs to be maintainable, secure, and scalable to a large number of partner integrations Symphony is designed as an open platform which enables widespread integration. Platform integration is core to our product strategy. The problems you will be solving: Provide sophisticated back-end integration hooks to deliver hooks into Symphony’s core messaging platform, supporting integration with secure message “bots,” content and trading platform information feeds, and other server-side applications. Our clients are large, sophisticated global enterprises who seek to integrate Symphony in a complex fashion with their internal systems. Our partners include many application and content providers. Handling these complex stakeholders and delivering a strategic solution is the core of this challenging and crucial role. RESPONSIBILITIES Participate in development of Symphony's Server / Backend Development Work with clients and industry partners to explain how our interfaces work and assist in integrating with Symphony at both an architectural and code level Design, implement and test highly scalable, multi-tier, distributed server software applications Design and implement distributed and highly concurrent Java based enterprise services Create maintainable and scalable features fit for use by demanding enterprise clients QUALIFICATIONS Outstanding technical communications skills and stakeholder management 10+ years experience in a Java server-side software design and development Solid background in fundamentals of computer science and development process Experience developing high quality centralized server based apps Experience with open source frameworks and tools BS or MS degree in Computer Science or a related technical field DESIRED BUT NOT REQUIRED NoSQL and SQL databases Experience deploying server applications on Google App Engine (GAE), Google Compute Engine GCE and Amazon Web Service (AWS) Experience with any of the following: Kafka, Solr, Tomcat, HBase and Hadoop, ZooKeeper, Mongo, Camel Master’s Degree, and Machine learning exposure are a plus Experience with communication and messaging applications Experience with security software and solutions Experience designing and implementing scalable, high performance, server side Java applications Experience with distributed systems, persistence, caching, concurrent programming ABOUT SYMPHONY'S TECHNOLOGY STACK We selected Apache Kafka, Apache Solr, MongoDB and HBase due to their superior distributed nature, performance, reliability, and ability to scale to the volume of data generated by the expected workload. We built out the ReSTFUL web services layer in a stateless manner using Apache Tomcat, meaning capacity could be added linearly, by simply adding more boxes behind the load balancer. The client front end was conceived as a web client that could be delivered on any device, any operating system, anywhere in the world. To build it, we chose HTML5/CSS3, with JQuery, Backbone and Handlebars doing the bulk of the heavy lifting. Symphony's front-end web application uses the modular pattern made popular in CommonJS, which builds each component as a loosely coupled anonymous closure. The core of the JavaScript app handles request transport details, new message notifications and updates, configuration of the UI layout, and much more. These functions are abstracted behind a public sandbox and selectively bundled into modules when the components are loaded. This architecture helps Symphony add new components quickly and seamlessly because they are isolated from each other, and lets developers control exactly how much of the app needs to load—an architecture specifically designed for integration and customization. ABOUT SYMPHONY Designed for the exchange of high-value content, Symphony is a secure communication and workflow platform that improves workplace productivity and connects users to their professional and personal community. Symphony has attracted the world’s top financial institutions with a $66 million investment to develop a scalable, cloud-based and highly secure collaboration and communication platform that will address the enterprise and compliance requirements for the financial services industry. The Symphony platform is intended to be used by some of the most time-conscious firms on the planet who are regularly corresponding high-value information—where a delay of a few seconds can have significant cost implications. Symphony’s secure communication platform will be available to all financial institutions and professionals world-wide in mid-2015. Now we’re looking for top-notch engineers, programmers and marketers (etc.) to join our team in Palo Alto, CA and New York to help us change the way the world communicates. If you have the skills and savvy to work with a world-class team, and an appetite for game-changing disruption, we definitely want to hear from you. COMPENSATION Competitive Base Salary and Incentive (Stock Option) plan / Health/Dental/Vision/401k (We accept existing H1B Visa applicants) Symphony appreciates your interest in our company. Symphony is an Equal Opportunity Employer. SYMPHONY BENEFITS Competitive salary based on experience, skills, and qualifications Medical, Dental, and Vision coverage 401(K) Plan Life and AD&amp;D coverage Short Term and Long Term Disability coverage Employee Assistance Program Flexible Spending Account benefits Uncapped vacation and sick time Fully stocked kitchen and catered lunches Discounted gym memberships Many other fun and exciting benefits and activities! Symphony reserves the right of ownership for all unsolicited resumes submitted for this requisition and is not responsible for any fees associated with unsolicited resumes.	Senior Java Backend Software Engineer – Platform Integration	Symphony Communication Services, LLC	New York	NY	New York, NY	Symphony Communication Services, LLC	Mon, 03 Aug 2015 02:59:09 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=290bc98f9f30f088&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0IKfO5BBuhUppqnYngLOQNJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kepekv5udlcja
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Software Engineer Manufacturer of complex electro-mechanical systems is in need of a talented Software Engineer to participate in all aspects of the design and maintenance of software for their high performance precision products. Full life-cycle software development; programming to include conceptual design, general coding, release to manufacturing testing, and quality assurance. Candidate needs to be able to produce final release software for manufacturing including associated documentation. Candidate needs to demonstrate the ability to use appropriate development tools, compliers, and simulation. Must be capable of working within a team environment to plan, organize, execute and thoroughly document complex system designs, including the ability to assist in developing technical solutions to customer specifications. Test and debug skills are necessary; must understand interoperability of hardware and software. Knowledge of and experience with Microsoft Visual Studio; C, C#, VB, and Windows programming (WIN32, .NET) are required. Knowledge of and experience with analog and digital design (motor drive, microcontrollers) are a plus. Must be able to manage and support multiple tasks on a consistent basis, while providing the highest level of service. Good verbal and writing skills are necessary. Primary Responsibilities • Candidate will participate in all aspects of the software design and invention of high performance precision hardware products. •Includes conceptual design, architecting, and programming. •Includes debugging, and system testing applications and modules in various software languages. •Creation and upkeep of company product documents. •Maintenance of current products and feature addition. •Coordinate multiple build activities internally with engineering projects. •Directing test engineers and technicians on specific projects. •Provide customer support in the factory and in the field. Job Requirements • BS Computer Engineering or BSEE and 3+ years applicable experience in Windows programming design preferred. •Strong knowledge of C, C#, and Microsoft (WIN32, .NET) are required. •Strong knowledge of Microsoft SQL •Strong knowledge of Communication : TCP/IP, Serial, USB •Strong Knowledge of software development tools. •Knowledge of design, development, test engineering, and manufacturing processes. •Knowledge of Front End graphical user interface design •Must be capable of working within a team to plan. •Must be capable of thoroughly documenting complex system designs. •Proven ability to assist in developing technical solutions to customer specifications. •Experience with testing and debugging; in lab prototypes (initial bring up) and in field customer sites. •Ability to read hardware block diagrams, schematics, and wiring diagrams. •Knowledge of PCB schematic and layout tools a plus. •Basic computer skills, including Microsoft suite; Outlook, Word, Excel, etc... •Good verbal and writing skills are necessary. •Must be a US Citizen or Green Card holder Apply For This Job: Email your resume to Info@IntegralStaff.com referencing the Job ID in the title above. Thank You.	Software Engineer	Integral Staffing	Ramsey	NJ	Ramsey, NJ	Integral Staffing	Thu, 01 Oct 2015 22:44:17 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=1d42aa73823cdcd1&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0IKfO5BBuhUppqnYngLOQNJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kepekv5udlcja
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	iHeartRadio, iHeartMedia’s free digital radio service, is the No. 1 all-in-one digital audio service with over 600 million downloads; it reached its first 20 million registered users faster than any digital service in Internet history and reached 70 million users faster than any digital music service and even faster than Twitter, Facebook and Pinterest. The company’s operations include radio broadcasting, online, mobile, digital and social media, live concerts and events, syndication, music research services and independent media representation. iHeartRadio is looking for several Test Engineers who believe deeply in Continuous Integration and Deployment and have extensive background working in fast-paced, agile environments. As a Test Engineer, you will be embedded directly into our product teams and will work alongside existing Software Engineers to help build and expand our suite of automation tools and frameworks. If you have a passion for bringing push button deployments with full testing and regression tools to life, including Selenium Webdriver, PhantomJS, Appium, and Java, and have rapid and high quality deployments as a minimum standard for your team, you will love this role. We take our testing seriously and we want Engineers to be autonomous, creative and most of all produce high quality software. Quality not only entails finding bugs, but also helping to commit code, including functional tests, measuring performance, latency and data consistency across our entire product portfolio. Responsibilities: Architect and create an Automation Framework using open source technologies Work directly on our product teams ensuring proper Functional and Regression test coverage using tools like Selenium Webdriver, PhantomJS, Appium, Java, JUnit, TestNG, XCTest and others Ensure that the testing and automation tools are wired into our Continuous Integration proc ess using tools like Jenkins Work with individual engineers to ensure that the different product teams have a high degree of focus on quality by working on strategies (and code) for Functional testing Execute any manual testing required to move product work through the agile sprints Ensure all testing includes a multi-platform approach by thinking about different browsers and devices where iHeartRadio products live Collaborate with Product Managers and Engineers on building out test strategies and plans Requirements: Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or equivalent 3+ Years experience in a Test Engineering role for both client or backend based products Extensive experience in writing automated tests using frameworks like Selenium Webdriver, Appium, Java, JUnit, TestNG, Git Experience testing HTML and Mobile interfaces manually and automated Strong understanding of basic protocols like HTTP iHeartMedia is an equal opportunity employer and will not tolerate discrimination in employment on the basis of race, color, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, religion, disability, ethnicity, national origin, marital status, protected veteran status, genetic information, or any other legally protected classification or status. Required Skills Required Experience	Software Engineer in Test	iHeartMedia, Inc.	New York	NY	New York, NY	iHeartMedia, Inc.	Sat, 01 Aug 2015 06:24:54 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=8727add57ce985a7&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0IKfO5BBuhUppqnYngLOQNJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kepekv5udlcja
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	RESPONSIBILITIES: Kforce has a client has a client seeking a Junior Java Software Engineer 2 in Jersey City, New Jersey (NJ). This is a great opportunity for someone who has the desire to work with teams that are passionate about lean startup principles, innovation and creating amazing customer experiences. This is a company that is continuously recognized for its world-class products! Responsibilities: Responsible for design, evaluation and implementation of innovative software components for a large scale, fault tolerant and distributed software platform Help the client to implement their next generation audio platform delivering leading edge audio quality to customers using collaboration software as well as the stand-alone audio conferencing service Apply skills and experience in an agile/scrum environment, working closely with developers, designers, and product managers Work on cutting edge, cloud based, Software-as-a-Service products for a major player in the software/tech industry Work in an Agile Software development environment Work closely with Architect and Senior Engineers to design and implement a software solution in either Java or C++ (based on background) Work with the Quality Engineering Team to support product validation and deployment to LIVE environment Work with Scrum Master, Product Managers to understand and groom stories based on user requirements REQUIREMENTS: Experience in C++ or Java and one or more scripting languages (e.g., JavaScript, Python) Experience in UNIX programming Knowledge of Object-oriented Programming (OOP); including, modular design and development Knowledge of data structures, collections and algorithms and familiarity with Linux based systems Knowledge in Networking technologies and multi-threaded programming Knowledge of highly scalable, distributed fault tolerant systems Java background C++ background, knowledge with client-server systems, Internet communication protocols and real-time communication protocols (RTP, SIP/SDP, H.323) Self-Starter, quick learner and able to thrive in a culturally and technically diverse team environment Experience in Web development (e.g. MVC frameworks, Ajax Frameworks, Java, Spring, Hibernate, HTTP, XML, TCP/IP, JavaScript, JSP/Servlets) Experience designing and developing APIs and Web Services Understanding of databases, (e.g. NoSQL, SQL, schema design) 	Junior - Mid Core Java Software Engineer	Kforce	Jersey City	NJ	Jersey City, NJ	Kforce	Tue, 22 Sep 2015 19:43:30 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=07b2e1fdc1e75b75&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0IKfO5BBuhUppqnYngLOQNJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kepekv5udlcja
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Design and code from specifications, analyzes, evaluates, tests, debugs, documents, and implements complex software apps - Uses coding methods in specific programming languages to initiate or enhance program execution and functionality - Under general direction, devises or modifies procedures to solve complex problems considering computer equipment capacity and limitations, operating time, and form of desired results - Competent to work at the highest technical level of all phases of applications programming activities - Monitor program execution for expected performance - Monitors systems capacity and performance, plans and executes disaster recovery procedures, and provides Tier 2 technical support. - Strong front-end performance tuning experience of web based applications (Java, J2EE, JavaScript, SPRING, HTML, XML, DHTML, WebServices, CSS, AJAX, SOA, EJB) - Strong analytical &amp; troubleshooting skills - Exposure to ATG platform is a plus. - Exposure to monitoring tools Wily and CEM is a plus. Requires a bachelor's degree in area of specialty and at least 4-8 years of experience in the field or in a related area Skill set Java. Work Experience 4+ Yrs Number of positions 1	Software Systems Engineer	RiVi Consulting Group	Township of Warren	NJ	Township of Warren, NJ	RiVi Consulting Group	Thu, 27 Aug 2015 23:39:44 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=da32e503891a7336&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0IKfO5BBuhUppqnYngLOQNJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kepekv5udlcja
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Lead Software Engineer (.NET) Works within a scrum team to design and develop software products in the Microsoft .NET environment (C#, ASP.NET, SQL 2014, MVC). Lead Software Engineer (.NET) Essential Functions: Serve as technical team lead for a small, senior product development scrum team. Drive software architecture of next-generation .NET SaaS platform, including SQL Server 2014 data model, persistence layer, web-services based business tier, business rules engine, UI tier, and integration components. Establish and maintain best-practice development standards. Implement and maintain automated build and deployment scripts. Work with QA engineers to identify and correct defects found in testing. Support products in the field by working with customers and technical support representatives (light travel may be required). Support clients and internal users on new product releases and features. Skills Required: Top-notch .NET/MVC development skills (C#). Experience designing and developing multi-tenant SaaS products. Demonstrated leadership and mentoring experience. Excellent interpersonal skills and oral/written communication. Ability to handle challenging situations and multiple tasks simultaneously while performing within tight time constraints. Lead Software Engineer (.NET) Technical Skills: Minimum 10 years end-to-end web development experience. Minimum 5 years experience with the C# and web frameworks such as .NET MVC. Familiarity with other server-side language such as PHP (preferred) Java or Ruby. Familiarity with client-side technologies including but not limited to HTML, CSS and Javascript libraries such as JQuery. Experience with HTML5 and responsive web design preferred. Minimum 5 years experience with relational database design and development (SQL Server preferred). Experience working in agile programming environment. Education and Experience: Four-year college degree in Computer Science or a related field, or equivalent experience is required.	Lead Software Engineer (.NET)	Smith & Keller	New York	NY	New York, NY	Smith & Keller	Tue, 15 Sep 2015 10:04:33 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=6e0cdc78f06cc7e7&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0IKfO5BBuhUppqnYngLOQNJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kepekv5udlcja
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	RESPONSIBILITIES: Kforce is seeking candidates for our client in Florham Park, New Jersey. This is a great opportunity to work in a R&amp;D lab environment. Our client is looking for candidates with a passion to solve tough challenges through innovation and the application of technology Responsibilities: In the lab, will be performing R&amp;D to: Create novel wireless communications and situational awareness systems using standards based and custom communications protocols. Create unique systems for use in air, land and maritime environments Employ advanced signal and protocol processing, channel modeling and waveform design from HF to W band and optical frequencies as well Join a fast-moving, high-performing multidisciplinary team with a record of success and opportunity for advancement You will develop advanced protocol processing and processing algorithms for unique applications. The programs are for applied research and technology in an advanced networking and communication organization Position Responsibilities: Apply and perform systems analysis, modeling and simulation of processing systems and demonstrate systems via simulated and/or real data input Perform functional analysis, performance analysis and synthesis of protocol implementations (including physical transmission convergence and higher layer) for Radio and Core Access Technologies Conceptualize, define, design, and prototype complex systems engineering solutions May lead a team of engineers to accomplish a similar task Work with upper-level engineers to identify need for improvement and work on implementing solutions to meet those needs REQUIREMENTS: Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or Electrical Engineering and 6-8 years of experience or an equivalent combination of skills, education and experience. Master's degree preferred Experience coding in C/C++ Understand the wireless protocol stacks for GSM, LTD,and 3G UMTS/CDMA Applicants selected will be subject to a government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information Working knowledge of radio access, core network, interface protocol and the call flows over these interfaces Experience in 3GPP/IEEE/ANSI/ITU/ETSI Wireless and Trunked mobile radio protocols and survey tools Demonstrated ability to rapidly prototype protocols and applications Demonstrated knowledge of object oriented architecture, programming and programming methods Experience with Linux Demonstrated ability to leverage open source programs, rapid integration methods, web interfaces and services implementation, XML implementation methods Object oriented architecture, programming and programming methods required Demonstrated experience or knowledge of software methods - from those that are highly formal requiring extensive documentation and reviews to 'extreme' programming techniques Excellent communication and interpersonal skills 	Software / Wireless Protocols Engineer	Kforce	Florham Park	NJ	Florham Park, NJ	Kforce	Fri, 02 Oct 2015 18:45:35 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=65e18d7dd561ae46&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0IKfO5BBuhUppqnYngLOQNJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kepekv5udlcja
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Develop services, systems and tools using mostly C#, ASP.NET MVC and SQL Server Full Stack .Net Software Engineer – CONTRACT – New York, NY Full Stack .Net Software Engineer Summary &amp; Skills: As a full stack software engineer, you’ll develop innovative technologies that are changing the Alternative Asset Management industry. You’ll work with other engineers and business analysts to design, build, deploy, and support the core business Innovation's suite of applications. You’ll tackle a variety of problems ranging from optimizing data retrieval performance to scaling out infrastructure or bringing complex systems together. You’ll devise elegant solutions, and put your own best ideas to work in an entrepreneurial environment inside one of the world's most successful companies. Develop services, systems and tools using mostly C#, ASP.NET MVC and SQL Server Lead and participate in technical, design and operations reviews throughout the development cycle Identify areas of the business which could be streamlined through the application of technology Build and share reusable components Automate everything Grow the team by sharing your specialized skills Qualifications: My client is seeking to hire individuals who are highly motivated, intelligent and have demonstrated excellence in prior endeavors. Qualified candidates will possess: A B.S. in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or similar A desire to learn and adapt to new technologies A self-starting, entrepreneurial attitude Object-oriented programming experience in any language A desire to keep improving Pluses include experience with JavaScript / JavaScript frameworks (jQuery, underscore, knockout, d3) CSS / SASS / Coffee Source control Database technologies .NET / C# / ASP.NET Follow us on our BLOG to see more jobs like this: http://ny.vereduscorp.com/ Why Veredus? Candidates work with a professional Recruiter whose average experience is eight years in the industry. That means they have intimate knowledge of the Information Technology industry and market trends - who is in demand now and who will be next. Your Veredus Recruiter will lead you through a thorough screening process in order to understand your skills, experience, needs, and desires. They also counsel their candidates in resume writing, interviewing, and career planning so when there’s a position you really want, you’re fully prepared to get it. Additionally, if the position is a consulting opportunity Veredus provides full benefits starting Day 1, and at virtually no cost to you. Medical Dental Vision 401K Life Insurance ($20,000 benefit) ATOP - Accrued Time Off Program Consultant Lunches and Outings Consultant Web-Site Name Plates Care packages/Survival packs Dedicated Consulting Services Representative Veredus has been recognized as one of the “Best Staffing Firms to Work For” by Staffing Industry Analysts the last 3 years in a row. Nervous about an upcoming interview Want to be as prepared as possible Click on the link below and you will have access to the Veredus Interview Prep Video - culled from hundreds of years of collective experience in preparing candidates for that all important job interview: http://vereduscorp.com/career-center/ Veredus Corporation is an EEO/Affirmative Action Employer M/F/D/V. Drug testing may be required; please contact Recruiter for more information.	Full Stack .NET Software Engineer	Veredus	New York	NY	New York, NY	Veredus	Wed, 16 Sep 2015 07:46:58 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=b4bb4243be903c41&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0IKfO5BBuhUppqnYngLOQNJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kepekv5udlcja
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Job Title: Sr. Software Engineer Job Location: Rockleigh, NJ Job Type: Full time/ Permanent REQUIREMENTS Client is looking for a Software Engineer to be an integral member of their device management software platform. Must have experience with C#, .Net, C++. Must have experience in programming interactions with hardware devices or in writing firmware. WPF experience is a plus. Experience with protocol specifications and analysis is a plus. At least 2 years industry experience or significant programming achievements are needed. S. Computer Engineering, Computer Science or equivalent Required experience: C#, .Net, C++, MVVM: 5 years 	Sr. Software Engineer	Prospance inc	Rockleigh	NJ	Rockleigh, NJ	Indeed	Mon, 17 Aug 2015 22:31:26 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=75783ac48da1331d&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0IKfO5BBuhUppqnYngLOQNJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kepekv5udlcja
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	We’re looking for extremely talented, passionate and resourceful a Software Engineer – PHP that want to join a collaborative, humorous and hard-working team of developers that really believe in what they’re building – someone who loves the thrill of working with an awesome startup where they can build systems that are so good they want to brag about them! Responsibilities for Software Engineer – PHP Building out next generation e-commerce platforms and systems Analyzing application performance Identifying and resolving application and database bottlenecks Writing SQL queries and data modelling for real time reporting Skills &amp; Requirements for Software Engineer – PHP Gotta Have Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science/Engineering preferred or combined equivalent of education and/or experience 5+ years of experience developing database driven web applications, and solid experience in the latest web technologies, including PHP 5.x, MySQL, XML, CSS3, JSON and JQuery 3+ years of OOP/MVC PHP programming 2+ years developing test driven code using tools such as (PHPUnit, Jenkins, etc) Solid experience working within LAMP environment Experience in developing database driven web applications, combining back-end database with frontend integration. Hope you Have Experience with Zend Framework Experience developing web services A passion for learning and experimentation. While our core is PHP, we like to use the tool for the job. Want to build a subsystem with Redis, Gearman, NodeJS, or StatsD? Go for it! A strong portfolio of web-oriented projects.* Guru Skills Amazing “can-do” attitude Tireless energy &amp; motivation Able to leap from one activity to the next – without breaking a sweat! Able to “go with the flow” – very zen! 	Software Engineer – PHP (160K)	Smith & Keller	New York	NY	New York, NY	Smith & Keller	Tue, 15 Sep 2015 10:03:41 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=1de28a5c2501975c&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0IKfO5BBuhUppqnYngLOQNJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kepekv5udlcja
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	In a time where people are canceling their cable TV subscriptions in favor of online streaming media, there's a NYC technology startup responsible for over 94 billion plays and over 4 billion hours of streaming video watched last year. Their video player is currently deployed on over 2 million web properties and streams nearly 5% of all internet video. They recently created a mobile streaming platform and are looking for an Android Engineer to take ownership of developing their Android SDK. Your work will enable native app developers to build streaming video functionality into their apps. This company's product is the third most used streaming video player (only behind YouTube and Facebook) so your work will be immediately deployed to a massive audience. Requirements: 2+ years of Android app or SDK development experience Knowledge of some of the following: Java, Python, JavaScript, HTML, Git, Jenkins, C++ BS, MS, or PHD in Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics, or a related field of study 	Android Software Engineer - Streaming Video SDK	HiringCatalyst	New York	NY	New York, NY	Breezy HR	Mon, 02 Nov 2015 19:53:20 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=61cc7e60fbded611&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0IKfO5BBuhUppqnYngLOQNJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kepekv5udlcja
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Job Title: Senior Software Engineer - API - Scala, AKKA, Play Job Location: New York Job Type: Full Time Job Description: Company is hiring Software Engineers to help us innovate in the way we develop our industry-leading communications monitoring and analytics service platform for the financial industry. Organization Vault is a startup within the company Enterprise group. Their infrastructure processes over 250 million messages per day and our archive manages over 80 billion communications objects ranging from e-mail to voice recordings. They believe in building the best cloud-services for our customers using the best tools for the job and They’re looking for developers who want to have an impact in the financial industry. We are using open source technologies including: Java, Scala, Play Framework, Accumulo, Hadoop, jQuery, Docker IO. Must have: A hands-on problem solver with excellent software design and implementation skills using scalable REST web services in Scala/Java (7,8) using Akka/Play. Solid experience with OO driven development and frameworks similar to Play Solid experience working with HTML5, AJAX, CSS and front-end technologies Experience as component owner making significant contributions to code, architecture, performance, robustness and reliability. A self-starter who brings energy, passion and creativity to work every day. Desired Skills: BA/BS in Computer Science, related degree, or strong comparable experience. 5+ years of professional software development experience. Experience developing modern enterprise or REST applications using languages like Scala/Java/Python etc. Knowledge of RDBMs like MySQL, data modeling, SQL tuning and optimization Familiarity with NoSQL data stores like Accumulo, Solr, Redis or Memcache 	Senior Software Engineer - API - Scala, AKKA, Play	MSH Group	New York	NY	New York, NY	MSH Group	Thu, 17 Sep 2015 05:22:05 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=0d542e319af83aed&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0IKfO5BBuhUppqnYngLOQNJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kepekv5udlcja
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	The Senior Software Engineer will be accountable for leading a small team as well as developing and maintaining key modules of the V12 Group's suite of SaaS applications. The Engineer will be working on a variety of applications and next generation products as well as working on a team of top developers with cutting edge technologies. Responsibilities • Design, develop and modify modules based on functional and system requirements • Work closely with Product Owner for understanding the functional and system requirements • Provide feedback during design and code peer reviews • Adhere to software team's established processes and tools • Participate in sprint planning and estimating • Contribute ideas for process improvement, including coding practices, standards and tools • Work closely with Software Engineers to ensure architectural integrity and product quality • Mentor junior engineers in development methodologies and best practices • Engage in continuous self-improvement of technical and communications skills • Solid understanding of OOP/OOD Principles • Participate in testing process through unit testing and bug fixes • Strong ability to debug code quickly and efficiently • Maintain awareness of deadlines and priorities • All other duties as assigned Skills &amp; Requirements Position Requirements Formal Education &amp; Certification • BS/BA degree in Computer Science, Information Systems or related field Like to Haves • 4-6+ years in a working environment • Experience leading a team • HTML5 / CSS3 / JavaScript • JQuery / knockoutjs / AngularJS • C# • ASP.NET MVC • Basic Design Patterns (Factory, Repository, Singleton, UnitOfWork, Dependency Injection) • Team leadership/Scrum Master • Experience organizing and coordinating programming tasks assigned to other Software Engineers • Experience monitoring project status, technical leadership, mentoring and providing insight within the Software Engineering department Other valuable skills • ADO.NET / ORM: Entity Framework, NHibernate • SQL Server Databases (SQL Queries, Stored Procedures, Database Triggers) • Agile/Scrum methodologies • Familiarity building multithreaded applications • Experience with modern Internet APIs, protocols, and patterns including REST, JSON, XML • WCF, WebAPI 2, Web Services (REST, SOAP) • Embrace a test-driven development (TDD) approach, leveraging unit test tools such as JUnit and NUnit (BTT nice to have) Personal Attributes • Experience at working both independently and in a team-oriented, collaborative environment is essential • Analytical and problem-solving capabilities • Strong attention to detail and ability to multi-task • Ability to work under tight project deadlines About V12 Group If you’re looking for a company where you can work hard, have fun, get inspired, and be well compensated then we’re looking for you. V12 Group is proof that you don’t have to choose between the inflexibility of corporate culture and the uncertainty of a startup. Enjoy a comprehensive benefits package, generous vacation time, and a highly competitive salary all in an environment that promotes creativity and innovation. Headquartered in Red Bank, NJ, V12 Group is a two-time honoree of NJBIZ’s Best Places to Work in New Jersey. Since 2002, V12 Group has been providing customers, clients, and users of Launchpad, our marketing cloud, with leading technology, quality data, and an unparalleled customer experience. You don’t have to travel to Silicon Valley to join a leading technology company; you just have to apply. Contact us today to learn more about V12 Group, our team, and your future. Check out our corporate site at: http://www.v12groupinc.com/ As well as our Launchpad Marketing Cloud at: https://launchpadcloud.com/ \	Senior Software Engineer/Marketing-Technology company with latest technologies!	V12 Group	Red Bank	NJ	Red Bank, NJ	StackOverflow Jobs	Thu, 29 Oct 2015 20:48:03 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=bd5b20bfc29b3c90&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0IKfO5BBuhUppqnYngLOQNJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kepekv5udlcja
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	DESCRIPTION: Catchpoint Systems is in need of a Back-End Software Engineer who will play an essential role in developing our data analytics platform, which is a distributed, multi-threaded, fault tolerant system. The Engineer will often work with and enhance our custom NoSQL DB, which is used for populating, aggregating, and extracting very large data, to be used by our clients for reporting &amp; alerting. EXPERIENCE: 3+ years of experience in either C#, C++, or Java 3+ years of experience in writing multi-threaded applications and services Big Data Processing Deep understanding of SQL, and design patterns Building and maintaining unit/functional/integration tests Writing client server applications Familiarity with: Developing and integrating with WCF and/or other Webservice frameworks Understanding of .NET Frameworks Addressing and Troubleshooting network issues Database management LINQ REQUIREMENTS: BS or MS degree in Computer Science or related major COMPENSATION: We offer great benefits along with a stable and professional work environment, health insurance, and stock options. OVERVIEW: Catchpoint Systems offers wide-ranging and easy-to-use web monitoring tools that allow businesses to discover and fix problems with their websites before they impact end users, ultimately saving revenue and time, and preserving their brand in the eyes of consumers. Using Catchpoint’s customizable dashboards, analytics capabilities, and innovative alerting system, DevOps professionals can rest easy knowing that their synthetic monitoring needs are taken care of, and that their sites’ speed, availability, and reliability are maximized. At the same time, Catchpoint’s Real User Measurement solution ensures that the sites’ critical conversion paths are optimized to the fullest extent. Over 250 clients, including major brands such as Comcast, LinkedIn, Overstock, TripAdvisor, Wayfair, Priceline, and more have realized the benefit of Catchpoint as a third party monitoring solution. The key to our value is the end-to-end visibility of the complete user experience that our clients are able to access. With 12 different monitor types, including browser, DNS, API, SSH, transaction, network path, and a number of others, Catchpoint users can synthetically monitor from 400+ locations around the world, getting real-time analytics across a broad variety of functionalities that make up their sites.	Software Engineer (Data Platform)	Catchpoint Systems	New York	NY	New York, NY	Catchpoint Systems	Mon, 03 Aug 2015 06:20:16 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=4e862e4420804738&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0IKfO5BBuhUppqnYngLOQNJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kepekv5udlcja
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Quidsi Inc., is a subsidiary of Amazon and entrepreneurial parent company to Diapers.com, Soap.com, BeautyBar.com, Wag.com, Yoyo.com, Look.com, Afterschool.com, Casa.com and Vinemarket.com. We are a mom-centric retail technology company. We deliver delightful experiences, products, and expertise by offering a curated selection of products, lightning-fast delivery, incredible customer service, and an easy-to-navigate shopping experience. Quidsi’s sites are host to millions of daily visitors and our warehouses are run by hundreds of autonomous Kiva robots. Our entire operation from our websites/apps, to our fulfillment centers and customer care center is focused on creating an enjoyable end-to-end customer experience. To get there, we need exceptionally talented, bright and driven people who are energized by "what if" (the meaning of Quidsi in Latin). If you'd like to help us build the place where people can find and buy anything online, come and innovate with us! We are building a high caliber technology team consisting of the brightest minds who raise the bar and enjoy being vigorously challenged. The ideal candidate is passionate about design and architecture with an unwavering commitment to code quality. The Senior Software Development Engineer is an idea generator who offers innovative solutions through a combination of creative thinking and deep understanding of the problem space. Projects will leverage Amazon’s technological capabilities and platforms to make Quidsi’s solutions compelling, unique and sustainable. Responsibilities : · Propose, prototype and evaluate multiple areas of optimization for our e-commerce applications and mobile-optimized sites · Build high availability/ high reliability software on time · Construct secure, scalable, and low-latency services and mobile applications · Provide hands-on code contribution and shipping responsibility - libraries, API's, documentation · Partner with Marketing, Merchandising and other business stakeholders to define functional solutions for business problems Basic Qualifications · Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or a related field or corresponding experience equaling 4 year degree · 5+ years experience in at least one of the following modern programming languages: Java, C#, C++, Python, Ruby, Scala, Groovy or any other modern non-scripting language · Minimum of 2 years of web applications/services experience Preferred Qualifications · Building highly-available distributed systems on a cloud infrastructure (e.g. AWS) · Delivering low-latency, consumer-internet-scale web services · Experience working with, or an interest in Agile Methodologies, such as Extreme Programming (XP) and Scrum · Strong OO skills, Computer Science fundamentals in data structures and algorithm design · Training and mentoring the engineering community on complex technical issues · Managing expectations, meeting firm deadlines and thriving in a dynamic work environment · Problem solving and complexity analysis · Strong verbal and written communication skills · Maintaining a sense of humor Quidsi Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer-Affirmative Action Employer Female/Minority/Disability/Vet .tch1.qds.crp.	Lead Software Development Engineer – Quidsi, Amazon Subsidiary	Quidsi, Inc.	Jersey City	NJ	Jersey City, NJ	Amazon.com	Fri, 14 Aug 2015 05:17:09 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=102593e6fa6a8039&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0IKfO5BBuhUppqnYngLOQNJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kepekv5udlcja
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Crestron is the world's leading manufacturer of advanced control and automation systems, innovating technology and reinventing the way people live and work. Offering integrated solutions to control audio, video, computer, IP and environmental systems, Crestron streamlines technology, improving the quality of life for people in corporate boardrooms, conference rooms, classrooms, auditoriums, and in their homes. Crestron's software test team is seeking a talented and self-motivated engineer with software and/or software testing experience in a hardware environment who can apply his/her expertise to testing our software products in order to assure quality and stability prior to deployment. Responsibilities: Formulate test strategies for new and existing software products Design, develop and update test plans and test cases as needed Execute test plans, report results and create problem reports when applicable Position Requirements: BS in Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering or Computer Science Minimum of 3 years of software and/or software testing experience within a hardware environment Strong troubleshooting and debugging skills Able to multi-task effectively Methodical and detail-oriented Able to work independently as well as within a team Excellent verbal and written communication skills Must be able to work in the U.S. without sponsorship Preferred: System level testing experience Crestron knowledge Skills and Education Requirements: BS in Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering or Computer Science Minimum of 3 years of software and/or software testing experience within a hardware environment Strong troubleshooting and debugging skills Able to multi-task effectively Methodical and detail-oriented Able to work independently as well as within a team Excellent verbal and written communication skills 	Software Quality Engineer	Crestron Electronics	Rockleigh	NJ	Rockleigh, NJ	Crestron Electronics	Tue, 25 Aug 2015 00:11:26 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=d44c0739efedd046&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0IKfO5BBuhUppqnYngLOQNJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kepekv5udlcja
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Crestron is the world's leading manufacturer of advanced control and automation systems, innovating technology and reinventing the way people live and work. Offering integrated solutions to control audio, video, computer, IP and environmental systems, Crestron streamlines technology, improving the quality of life for people in corporate boardrooms, conference rooms, classrooms, auditoriums, and in their homes. Crestron's software test team is seeking a talented and self-motivated engineer with software and/or software testing experience in a hardware environment who can apply his/her expertise to testing our software products in order to assure quality and stability prior to deployment. Responsibilities: Formulate test strategies for new and existing software products Design, develop and update test plans and test cases as needed Execute test plans, report results and create problem reports when applicable Position Requirements: BS in Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering or Computer Science Minimum of 3 years of software and/or software testing experience within a hardware environment Strong troubleshooting and debugging skills Able to multi-task effectively Methodical and detail-oriented Able to work independently as well as within a team Excellent verbal and written communication skills Must be able to work in the U.S. without sponsorship Preferred: System level testing experience Crestron knowledge Skills and Education Requirements: BS in Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering or Computer Science Minimum of 3 years of software and/or software testing experience within a hardware environment Strong troubleshooting and debugging skills Able to multi-task effectively Methodical and detail-oriented Able to work independently as well as within a team Excellent verbal and written communication skills 	Software Quality Engineer	Crestron	Rockleigh	NJ	Rockleigh, NJ	Crestron	Mon, 24 Aug 2015 22:41:41 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=7078e88edbd09003&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0IKfO5BBuhUppqnYngLOQNJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kepekv5udlcja
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	We are looking for a skilled iOS Developer with a passion for building simple user interfaces on top of complex systems. The ideal candidate contributes not only to the code, but also to the entire product vision. Experience 6+ months experience with Swift. Experience with Swift on a project in the App Store or Enterprise project preferred. Ability to develop against a variety of web architectures and services (HTTP, SOAP, REST, etc.) Knowledge of scripting languages (Ruby, Perl, Python, BASH, etc.) Experience with C++, Java, Android SDK, and Swift Javascript experience with an MVC framework and Bower, NPM, Grunt Experience integrating web services and social platforms (XML, JSON, REST, OAuth, Facebook, Twitter, Foursquare, etc.) Experience at the user interface and application levels Experience with databases (SQL, Core Data, etc.) Experience with common iOS frameworks like AFNetworking a plus, Swift frameworks such AlamoFire and SnapKit a plus Qualifications Strong object-oriented programming and design skills Cocoa or Cocoa-Touch development experience Passion for product quality and attention to detail Excellent communication skills Performance analysis and tuning experience including memory usage, CPU utilization, leak checking, etc. Excellent debugging skills to solve challenging problems Bonus Experience implementing Notification services including Urban Airship Experience with Passbook generation and integration	Senior Software Engineer Mobile Platforms - iOS Developer	R/GA	New York	NY	New York, NY	R/GA	Thu, 13 Aug 2015 21:28:58 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=1da430c1649f16af&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa0IKfO5BBuhUppqnYngLOQNJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kepekv5udlcja
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Our Software Engineers are extraordinarily passionate and driven by technology. We thrive on designing simple and scalable solutions to complex problems and delivering leading edge software products for our customers. At Dealertrack technologies we are looking for exceptionally ambitious and communicative hands-on individuals who are comfortable working in fast-paced environments and who have passion and skills to take our product offering to the next level. Job Overview: As a Senior Software Engineer, you will work in a collaborative team environment that encourages you to perform at your best, and challenges you to engineer elegant solutions for complex business problems. You will architect, design and develop robust software systems with unit and systems testing. You will need to be able to quickly learn and use new technologies, troubleshoot difficult problems and be an expert with the software lifecycle including scoping and estimation of requirements along with writing of technical documentation. Technology we use: Github Enterprise, Continuous Integration, Jenkins, Python, Django, Celery, Django Rest Framework, SQLAlchemy, Redis, MongoDB and vagrant. We make use of modern processes and technologies wherever possible, including Github Pull Requests for code review, continuous deployment to our test environments, strict adherence to best practices, recommended code style and layout (PEP-8) and a strong drive around unit testing all our code. This gives us the confidence and ability to make significant refactoring changes across a large codebase quickly, without fear of having broken some code somewhere else. Responsibilities: •Coding of SaaS applications in an Agile development environment •Developing automated tests, predicting areas of risk, and coordinating with our QA staff to achieve the best blend of error prevention and error detection possible •Collaborate with other developers on best practices, code reviews, internal tools and process improvements •Guide, coach and mentor team members as required, assisting in the team’s skills development during software development projects •Ability to work independently; designing, developing and deploying solutions, and to deliver projects on time with minimal direction Skills and Experience: BA/BS degree in Computer Science or related field At least 7+ years of Web development experience Strong Python development skills Proven track record designing and implementing web applications with highly optimized and scalable architectures. Experience with Django Solid understanding of web services and message passing architecture Knowledge of jBoss or other Java Application Servers Experience developing in a Linux environment Ability and desire to learn new skills and technologies Ability to work independently; designing, developing and deploying solutions, and to deliver projects on time with minimal direction Excellent verbal and written communication skills Proficiency in object oriented design and development Experience using source control (Git, Mercurial), IDEs, and defect tracking tools Experience developing in a Linux environment Ability and desire to learn new skills and technologies Ability to work independently; designing, developing and deploying solutions, and to deliver projects on time with minimal direction Excellent verbal and written communication skills Proficiency in object oriented design and development Experience using source control (Git, Mercurial), IDEs, and defect tracking tools DealerTrack Company Culture: Dealertrack is a dynamic, innovative technology company that revolutionized the automotive retail industry with the first online finance and credit application network in 2001. Our state-of-the-art, web-based solutions are embraced by all major segments of the automotive retailing trade including dealers, financing sources, original equipment manufacturers (OEMs), third-party retailers, agents and aftermarket providers, fueling our tremendous growth. At Dealertrack we believe that our uncompromising technology and services are powered by the collaboration of our talented staff, join us in taking our product offerings to the next level. To view all of our open positions go to www.dealertrack.com/portal/careers-home and follow us on twitter @DT_Careers to get the latest updates on new opportunities.	Principal Software Engineer - Python	Dealertrack Technologies, Inc.	Lake Success	NY	Lake Success, NY	Dealertrack	Wed, 02 Sep 2015 23:44:00 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=65c63ab2e0a984a7&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXbzlUXXGXB-wBba4UkGH96wW5HrU8bEk0EGd3tRzaDS8JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kepjjr1a3901t
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Location: New York, NY Job Description We are looking for an experienced and professional Software Engineer to join our growing team. If you meet our background requirements and have a desire to work for a great company that takes care of its employees, this Software Engineer may be the ideal opportunity for you! MTS 2 Software Engineer Job Responsibilities Write high-quality, high-performance, maintainable full stack code for our Java/Java EE based product Participate as technical lead in the full Software Development Life Cycle (Agile/Scrum), iterative development, estimations and design sessions Lead architecture discussions in planning stage on architectural design of projects. Own product design by facilitating design reviews and staying abreast of design standards and incorporate into product design. Work closely with Product Managers, Software Engineers, Operations, and Quality Assurance Engineers in a collaborative environment to provide quality software and solutions. Partner with Product Manager to influence product future Maintain and champion our engineering culture: perform design and code review, introduce new tools and methods, give "brown bag" presentations, etc. MTS 2 Software Engineer Job Requirements Education: BSCS or BSEE or Other Related 4yr Technical Degree 2+ to 5 years' experience Minimum Education - Bachelor's Degree MTS 2 Software Engineer Benefits Our hires are treated to competitive pay and an excellent benefits package. To learn more about pay and benefits, please apply today! MTS 2 Software Engineer Company Overview The JAG Group is dedicated to provide effective medical staffing solutions for healthcare organizations and in offering practice opportunities and alternatives for the healthcare professionals we serve. The JAG Group is a member of NAPS (National Association of Personnel Services) and GAPS (Georgia Association of Personnel Services). Matching qualified healthcare professionals with medical practices and hospitals across the USA in need of healthcare employment is what we do best! Derrick Green The JAG Group www.thejaggroup.com jobs@thejaggroup.com 404-874-3624 direct 877-843-5244, Ext 24 678-904-7808 fax	MTS 2 Software Engineer	The Jag Group	New York	NY	New York, NY	The JAG Group	Sun, 13 Sep 2015 09:23:00 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=d3c47cd25b53e6b6&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXbzlUXXGXB-wBba4UkGH96wW5HrU8bEk0EGd3tRzaDS8JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kepjjr1a3901t
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Job Requirements Looking for Full Stack Software Engineers with excellent coding skills and an Ad Tech background to help build a native advertising platform Strong experience with REST architecture/ development and full stack Java development. Relocation Assistance Available - Possible for ideal candidate Please submit your resume for consideration only if you meet requirements and qualifications. PLEASE SEND RESUME TO: aparker@snelling-atlanta.com	MTS 2, Software Engineer -NY0914	Snelling - Lilburn	New York	NY	New York, NY	Snelling Staffing Services	Mon, 14 Sep 2015 17:07:53 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=cad0bc178b13369f&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXbzlUXXGXB-wBba4UkGH96wW5HrU8bEk0EGd3tRzaDS8JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kepjjr1a3901t
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	· Master’s and/or Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering or equivalent. · 5+ years of professional experience developing user facing apps in Objective-C/Swift for iOS and Java/C for Android. · Experience with AVFoundation, CoreGraphics, CoreMedia, MediaPlayer &amp; UIKit frameworks in iOS · Experience with XCode to build apps for iOS and OS X and used Instruments to find memory leaks, optimize your apps. · Great experience with Data Structures and Algorithms. · You have built apps for multiple form factors (iPhone 4, iPhone 6, 6+, iPad Air etc) from an idea and have launched them on the AppStore. · Solid experience with Android and enjoy writing apps for Android Phones and tablets. · Experience withAndroid Activity LifeCycle and have used Fragments. · Experience building apps that use JNI (Java Native Interface) and have a deep understanding about Java memory management and garbage collection in Android. · You can write readable, maintainable, performant object-oriented Java Email resume in Word to JeffAltman@TheBigGameHunter.us. Please include the job code for the position with your resume. NOTE: WE WILL ONLY RESPOND IF YOUR RESUME APPEARS TO FIT A ROLE NO PAID RELOCATION. NO OVERSEAS RESUMES. NO 3RD PARTIES. Applicants for employment in the US must possess work authorization which does not require sponsorship from the employer for a visa. To receive a complimentary subscription to my job search ezine, No B.S. Job Search Advice, go to www.TheBigGameHunter.usto subscribe. Listen to "Job Search Radio" on WebTalkRadio.net or in iTunes and other podcast directories. Want to ask me questions via phone, Skype or Facetime? Have your job search questions answered. The Big Game Hunter is a professional search firm and coaching service that helps people find superior opportunities and firms locate superior talent. In addition, we generate an extraordinary amount of information to help job hunters, recruiting professionals and hiring managers be more effective. Visit http://www.TheBigGameHunter.us	Senior Mobile Software Engineer	The Big Game Hunter	Hackensack	NJ	Hackensack, NJ	The Big Game Hunter	Tue, 20 Oct 2015 05:07:53 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=caa2bfafd6ea984e&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXbzlUXXGXB-wBba4UkGH96wW5HrU8bEk0EGd3tRzaDS8JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kepjjr1a3901t
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Job Title: Senior Software Engineer, Android Discipline: Software Engineering Reports to: Director of Engineering, Mobile Apps Location: Seattle, WA or New York, NY Job Profile: Build rich, dynamic, cross-platform native mobile applications for Android and iOS devices. Work hand-in-hand with the design team to implement interfaces that look beautiful and adapt dynamically to all form factors. Architect complex UI interactions that push the boundaries of multi-touch interfaces. Implement animations and transitions that make experiences on mobile phones and tablets come to life. Establish infrastructure and practices for code reuse across development environments. Responsibilities: Execute on a software architecture and development plan to implement new features and products Write code to tackle challenging technical problems with a focus on readability, maintainability, performance, and quality Propose novel solutions to design and technical challenges Communicate effectively with your team and other product disciplines, raising issues early and offering solutions Develop all software according to coding standards and processes Perform reviews of other engineers’ code, designs, and architectures Make use of unit and integration tests wherever possible Mentor junior engineers Participate in the interview process for new team members Invent technology and infrastructure to share complex or platform agnostic software components across development ecosystems Advise other engineers, designers, and management on mobile application development for Android devices Requirements: BS degree in Computer Science or related field, or equivalent practical experience 4+ years of relevant work experience A solid foundation in computer science, with strong competencies in data structures, algorithms, and software design An extensive knowledge of Android application development, having developed and deployed at least one commercial Android application through the Google Play store Proven, self-motivated engineer with a track record of creating production-quality mobile applications Posses a strong passion for building custom user experiences Able to work effectively in a cross-disciplinary environment, particularly with designers Able to create a development plan for a given feature set, estimate its tasks, and execute on those tasks in an efficient manner Working knowledge of the iOS development platform is a plus Expert in C++, Objective-C, or Java Proficient with Git or similar revision control systems We Offer: Medical, Dental, Vision, 401(K) Life Insurance Commuter Benefits Corporate discounts through AnyPerk Catered in-office lunches twice weekly and fully stocked pantry Flexible Time Off Policy Employee Equity Program 	Sr Software Engineer, Android	FiftyThree	New York	NY	New York, NY	FiftyThree	Sun, 16 Aug 2015 21:48:28 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=5dfb38c6d0c7c9e9&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXbzlUXXGXB-wBba4UkGH96wW5HrU8bEk0EGd3tRzaDS8JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kepjjr1a3901t
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Immediate need for Sr.Dot Net Developer Polaris Full time - Work Permit Green Card USAH1B Transfer End Customer - Banking Finanacial Client Excellent written oral communication skill. These will be needed to participate in weekly daily monthly calls with On-site customer managers. Passion for learning and rapid iteration Handle multiple assignments simultaneously Flexible and dedicated to work with distributed teams Should be willing to learn, scale-up and take individual responsibility to completion Should be flexible and be ready to work on different technologies as required by the business. Some of the applications and its related technologies might be legacy. Should have exposure in SDLC life cycle. With practical knowledge of how each of these development phases get executed. Preferably should have worked on at least one major project implementation. Knowledge of distributed working environment including 3-tiered and n-tiered architecture is needed. end Client is highly distributed process driven environment. Previous experience in working with major banks or distributed business implementations will add value There will be distributed vendor technology teams involved and the team member should be able to work along with them in coordinating and implementing deliverable additional skills Jquery, Javascript, Ajax, XSLT , Stylesheet Immediate need for Sr.Dot Net Developer Polaris Full time - Green Card /USA/H1B Transfer 84+ Months of experience in Dotnet, C# ,ASP.NET , SQL Server, SSIS and BI Skills	Senior Software Engineer	Polaris Software Lab Inc	Piscataway	NJ	Piscataway, NJ	Dice	Thu, 15 Oct 2015 03:00:41 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=90b60773c40a7d12&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXbzlUXXGXB-wBba4UkGH96wW5HrU8bEk0EGd3tRzaDS8JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kepjjr1a3901t
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Description BD (Becton, Dickinson and Company), a leading global medical technology company, is seeking a senior principal software engineer to oversee all aspects of design, architecture, and development of web-based services for BD’s healthcare IT projects. They assume the technical leadership of entire projects and champion technical and architectural excellence. This candidate will have a passion for building robust, well-architected solutions and takes scalability and maintainability very seriously. The candidate should be passionate about great software, and enjoy the details involved with the long-term outlook of technology strategy. The position is an exciting opportunity to make a meaningful, positive impact on patients throughout world by leveraging the cutting edge technologies. This role offers competitive relocation compensation and the opportunity for partial remote work. Duties and Responsibilities: Supervise and lead the activities of an agile software development team Plan, architect and implement full stack front and backend applications in a high-volume environment on Microsoft and related technologies (.NET, C#, MVC, WebAPI, IIS, SQL Server, Azure, and JavaScript) Champion technical and architectural excellence; Ensure correct technology choices and champion exceptionally high standards in terms of adherence to best practices; Lead by example in terms of code consistency, performance, robustness, intuitive APIs, all of which are core tenets for solutions Implement modern DevOps processes for continuous software delivery Set and enforce development standards and practices throughout the organization Collaborate and provide technical and design guidance and suggestions within the team and department Guide and mentor; perform peer code reviews and architectural reviews Assume technical ownership of entire projects, feature sets and modules without needing daily oversight Oversee and monitor projects and initiatives for technical and architectural soundness Perform discovery and estimation of epics, stories and tasks in Scrum projects Qualifications Bachelor's or Master's degree in Computer Science or related field 5+ years of professional experience in software engineering 2 yrs of C#, ASP.NET, MVC, WebAPI Proficiency with multi-tiered, web/cloud architectures A strong computer science background and solid experience with object oriented design and programming A passion for writing polished, well-architected code Well versed in web, backend and database software development principles Experience in agile software development teams Intimate familiarity with patterns and practices of the Microsoft web technology stack Implementing and deploying web applications in IIS Database programming and relational schema design for SQL Server Familiarity with Microsoft Azure Job Other Primary Location US-New Jersey-Franklin Lakes Shift First Shift / Day Job Relocation Available No	Senior Principal Software Engineer	Becton Dickinson & Company	Franklin Lakes	NJ	Franklin Lakes, NJ	Becton Dickinson	Thu, 03 Sep 2015 15:30:26 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=e20d4e4c73e6d84a&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXbzlUXXGXB-wBba4UkGH96wW5HrU8bEk0EGd3tRzaDS8JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kepjjr1a3901t
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Smith &amp; Keller is currently seeking a Software Implementation Engineer to come grow with us in a dynamic and challenging environment to join our team. The team is comprised of talented, creative and dedicated individuals with a passion for delivering innovative solutions to the market. Our client recognizes that every employee’s contributions are integral to the company’s growth and success. To find and acquire the best and brightest talent around the globe, we offer a challenging work environment, competitive compensation and benefits, and rewarding career opportunities. The Software Implementation Engineer will be part of a team performing implementations to thier clients working with financial and banking software. There is coding involved, however this is not building a new product. Each project is somewhat unique – each client environment, processing solution we integrate with and business model is different. This company only looks for the brightest and best! Responsibilities for the Software Implementation Engineer: Develop, enhance, test and implement solutions for the financial services industry Qualifications for the Software Implementation Engineer: Databases: SQL or Data Warehousing, ETL, OLAP Operating systems: Windows and Linux Programming language: Java OR C++, Javascript Web Technologies: HTML, XML, XSL, Servlets Excellent communication skills Excellent written and spoken English Pro-active and Team Oriented approach BS degree in Computer Science or related field Travel required 25% Occasional night/weekend work to move to production Experience for the Software Implementation Engineer: 2+ years experience with a Software Company 	Software Implementation Engineer – SQL	Smith & Keller	New York	NY	New York, NY	Smith & Keller	Tue, 15 Sep 2015 10:03:42 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=b8d2c66251ed654f&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXbzlUXXGXB-wBba4UkGH96wW5HrU8bEk0EGd3tRzaDS8JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kepjjr1a3901t
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Date: Immediate Location: New York, NY Type: FTE (Full Time Employee) JOB DESCRIPTION Symphony is looking for a senior-level, server-side Java software engineer to support its exponential growth. As a Symphony Backend Engineer, you'll be designing and implementing the cloud-based server-side logic for our secure communications platform. Working closely with Symphony’s industry partners and large financial clients, you will help design and integrate external platforms with Symphony’s enterprise-class, secure, end-to-end encrypted messaging application. Our engineers design and implement utilizing open source stacks (e.g. hbase, kafka, solr), extreme scaling within the cloud, and encryption in transit/at rest. This role is for a strong hands-on software engineer who also has outstanding communications skills. The successful candidate will be ready for a role that includes both directly contributing to the development of Symphony’s platform integration interfaces, and has the strong relationship management and communications skills to work directly with outside organizations to help create a complete technical solution. Why you are needed now: Symphony is a secure messaging startup backed by an array of the world’s leading financial institutions. Our clients and industry partners aim to create rich integrations with the Symphony front-end: Huge customer and industry demand for connections with 3rd party content and integration, and connections to enterprise applications Each one of these features needs to be maintainable, secure, and scalable to a large number of partner integrations Symphony is designed as an open platform which enables widespread integration. Platform integration is core to our product strategy. The problems you will be solving: Provide sophisticated back-end integration hooks to deliver hooks into Symphony’s core messaging platform, supporting integration with secure message “bots,” content and trading platform information feeds, and other server-side applications. Our clients are large, sophisticated global enterprises who seek to integrate Symphony in a complex fashion with their internal systems. Our partners include many application and content providers. Handling these complex stakeholders and delivering a strategic solution is the core of this challenging and crucial role. RESPONSIBILITIES Participate in development of Symphony's Server / Backend Development Work with clients and industry partners to explain how our interfaces work and assist in integrating with Symphony at both an architectural and code level Design, implement and test highly scalable, multi-tier, distributed server software applications Design and implement distributed and highly concurrent Java based enterprise services Create maintainable and scalable features fit for use by demanding enterprise clients QUALIFICATIONS Outstanding technical communications skills and stakeholder management 10+ years experience in a Java server-side software design and development Solid background in fundamentals of computer science and development process Experience developing high quality centralized server based apps Experience with open source frameworks and tools BS or MS degree in Computer Science or a related technical field DESIRED BUT NOT REQUIRED NoSQL and SQL databases Experience deploying server applications on Google App Engine (GAE), Google Compute Engine GCE and Amazon Web Service (AWS) Experience with any of the following: Kafka, Solr, Tomcat, HBase and Hadoop, ZooKeeper, Mongo, Camel Master’s Degree, and Machine learning exposure are a plus Experience with communication and messaging applications Experience with security software and solutions Experience designing and implementing scalable, high performance, server side Java applications Experience with distributed systems, persistence, caching, concurrent programming ABOUT SYMPHONY'S TECHNOLOGY STACK We selected Apache Kafka, Apache Solr, MongoDB and HBase due to their superior distributed nature, performance, reliability, and ability to scale to the volume of data generated by the expected workload. We built out the ReSTFUL web services layer in a stateless manner using Apache Tomcat, meaning capacity could be added linearly, by simply adding more boxes behind the load balancer. The client front end was conceived as a web client that could be delivered on any device, any operating system, anywhere in the world. To build it, we chose HTML5/CSS3, with JQuery, Backbone and Handlebars doing the bulk of the heavy lifting. Symphony's front-end web application uses the modular pattern made popular in CommonJS, which builds each component as a loosely coupled anonymous closure. The core of the JavaScript app handles request transport details, new message notifications and updates, configuration of the UI layout, and much more. These functions are abstracted behind a public sandbox and selectively bundled into modules when the components are loaded. This architecture helps Symphony add new components quickly and seamlessly because they are isolated from each other, and lets developers control exactly how much of the app needs to load—an architecture specifically designed for integration and customization. ABOUT SYMPHONY Designed for the exchange of high-value content, Symphony is a secure communication and workflow platform that improves workplace productivity and connects users to their professional and personal community. Symphony has attracted the world’s top financial institutions with a $66 million investment to develop a scalable, cloud-based and highly secure collaboration and communication platform that will address the enterprise and compliance requirements for the financial services industry. The Symphony platform is intended to be used by some of the most time-conscious firms on the planet who are regularly corresponding high-value information—where a delay of a few seconds can have significant cost implications. Symphony’s secure communication platform will be available to all financial institutions and professionals world-wide in mid-2015. Now we’re looking for top-notch engineers, programmers and marketers (etc.) to join our team in Palo Alto, CA and New York to help us change the way the world communicates. If you have the skills and savvy to work with a world-class team, and an appetite for game-changing disruption, we definitely want to hear from you. COMPENSATION Competitive Base Salary and Incentive (Stock Option) plan / Health/Dental/Vision/401k (We accept existing H1B Visa applicants) Symphony appreciates your interest in our company. Symphony is an Equal Opportunity Employer. SYMPHONY BENEFITS Competitive salary based on experience, skills, and qualifications Medical, Dental, and Vision coverage 401(K) Plan Life and AD&amp;D coverage Short Term and Long Term Disability coverage Employee Assistance Program Flexible Spending Account benefits Uncapped vacation and sick time Fully stocked kitchen and catered lunches Discounted gym memberships Many other fun and exciting benefits and activities! Symphony reserves the right of ownership for all unsolicited resumes submitted for this requisition and is not responsible for any fees associated with unsolicited resumes.	Senior Java Backend Software Engineer – Platform Integration	Symphony Communication Services, LLC	New York	NY	New York, NY	Symphony Communication Services, LLC	Mon, 03 Aug 2015 02:59:09 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=290bc98f9f30f088&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXbzlUXXGXB-wBba4UkGH96wW5HrU8bEk0EGd3tRzaDS8JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kepjjr1a3901t
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Software Engineer Manufacturer of complex electro-mechanical systems is in need of a talented Software Engineer to participate in all aspects of the design and maintenance of software for their high performance precision products. Full life-cycle software development; programming to include conceptual design, general coding, release to manufacturing testing, and quality assurance. Candidate needs to be able to produce final release software for manufacturing including associated documentation. Candidate needs to demonstrate the ability to use appropriate development tools, compliers, and simulation. Must be capable of working within a team environment to plan, organize, execute and thoroughly document complex system designs, including the ability to assist in developing technical solutions to customer specifications. Test and debug skills are necessary; must understand interoperability of hardware and software. Knowledge of and experience with Microsoft Visual Studio; C, C#, VB, and Windows programming (WIN32, .NET) are required. Knowledge of and experience with analog and digital design (motor drive, microcontrollers) are a plus. Must be able to manage and support multiple tasks on a consistent basis, while providing the highest level of service. Good verbal and writing skills are necessary. Primary Responsibilities • Candidate will participate in all aspects of the software design and invention of high performance precision hardware products. •Includes conceptual design, architecting, and programming. •Includes debugging, and system testing applications and modules in various software languages. •Creation and upkeep of company product documents. •Maintenance of current products and feature addition. •Coordinate multiple build activities internally with engineering projects. •Directing test engineers and technicians on specific projects. •Provide customer support in the factory and in the field. Job Requirements • BS Computer Engineering or BSEE and 3+ years applicable experience in Windows programming design preferred. •Strong knowledge of C, C#, and Microsoft (WIN32, .NET) are required. •Strong knowledge of Microsoft SQL •Strong knowledge of Communication : TCP/IP, Serial, USB •Strong Knowledge of software development tools. •Knowledge of design, development, test engineering, and manufacturing processes. •Knowledge of Front End graphical user interface design •Must be capable of working within a team to plan. •Must be capable of thoroughly documenting complex system designs. •Proven ability to assist in developing technical solutions to customer specifications. •Experience with testing and debugging; in lab prototypes (initial bring up) and in field customer sites. •Ability to read hardware block diagrams, schematics, and wiring diagrams. •Knowledge of PCB schematic and layout tools a plus. •Basic computer skills, including Microsoft suite; Outlook, Word, Excel, etc... •Good verbal and writing skills are necessary. •Must be a US Citizen or Green Card holder Apply For This Job: Email your resume to Info@IntegralStaff.com referencing the Job ID in the title above. Thank You.	Software Engineer	Integral Staffing	Ramsey	NJ	Ramsey, NJ	Integral Staffing	Thu, 01 Oct 2015 22:44:17 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=1d42aa73823cdcd1&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXbzlUXXGXB-wBba4UkGH96wW5HrU8bEk0EGd3tRzaDS8JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kepjjr1a3901t
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	iHeartRadio, iHeartMedia’s free digital radio service, is the No. 1 all-in-one digital audio service with over 600 million downloads; it reached its first 20 million registered users faster than any digital service in Internet history and reached 70 million users faster than any digital music service and even faster than Twitter, Facebook and Pinterest. The company’s operations include radio broadcasting, online, mobile, digital and social media, live concerts and events, syndication, music research services and independent media representation. iHeartRadio is looking for several Test Engineers who believe deeply in Continuous Integration and Deployment and have extensive background working in fast-paced, agile environments. As a Test Engineer, you will be embedded directly into our product teams and will work alongside existing Software Engineers to help build and expand our suite of automation tools and frameworks. If you have a passion for bringing push button deployments with full testing and regression tools to life, including Selenium Webdriver, PhantomJS, Appium, and Java, and have rapid and high quality deployments as a minimum standard for your team, you will love this role. We take our testing seriously and we want Engineers to be autonomous, creative and most of all produce high quality software. Quality not only entails finding bugs, but also helping to commit code, including functional tests, measuring performance, latency and data consistency across our entire product portfolio. Responsibilities: Architect and create an Automation Framework using open source technologies Work directly on our product teams ensuring proper Functional and Regression test coverage using tools like Selenium Webdriver, PhantomJS, Appium, Java, JUnit, TestNG, XCTest and others Ensure that the testing and automation tools are wired into our Continuous Integration proc ess using tools like Jenkins Work with individual engineers to ensure that the different product teams have a high degree of focus on quality by working on strategies (and code) for Functional testing Execute any manual testing required to move product work through the agile sprints Ensure all testing includes a multi-platform approach by thinking about different browsers and devices where iHeartRadio products live Collaborate with Product Managers and Engineers on building out test strategies and plans Requirements: Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or equivalent 3+ Years experience in a Test Engineering role for both client or backend based products Extensive experience in writing automated tests using frameworks like Selenium Webdriver, Appium, Java, JUnit, TestNG, Git Experience testing HTML and Mobile interfaces manually and automated Strong understanding of basic protocols like HTTP iHeartMedia is an equal opportunity employer and will not tolerate discrimination in employment on the basis of race, color, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, religion, disability, ethnicity, national origin, marital status, protected veteran status, genetic information, or any other legally protected classification or status. Required Skills Required Experience	Software Engineer in Test	iHeartMedia, Inc.	New York	NY	New York, NY	iHeartMedia, Inc.	Sat, 01 Aug 2015 06:24:54 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=8727add57ce985a7&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXbzlUXXGXB-wBba4UkGH96wW5HrU8bEk0EGd3tRzaDS8JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kepjjr1a3901t
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	RESPONSIBILITIES: Kforce has a client has a client seeking a Junior Java Software Engineer 2 in Jersey City, New Jersey (NJ). This is a great opportunity for someone who has the desire to work with teams that are passionate about lean startup principles, innovation and creating amazing customer experiences. This is a company that is continuously recognized for its world-class products! Responsibilities: Responsible for design, evaluation and implementation of innovative software components for a large scale, fault tolerant and distributed software platform Help the client to implement their next generation audio platform delivering leading edge audio quality to customers using collaboration software as well as the stand-alone audio conferencing service Apply skills and experience in an agile/scrum environment, working closely with developers, designers, and product managers Work on cutting edge, cloud based, Software-as-a-Service products for a major player in the software/tech industry Work in an Agile Software development environment Work closely with Architect and Senior Engineers to design and implement a software solution in either Java or C++ (based on background) Work with the Quality Engineering Team to support product validation and deployment to LIVE environment Work with Scrum Master, Product Managers to understand and groom stories based on user requirements REQUIREMENTS: Experience in C++ or Java and one or more scripting languages (e.g., JavaScript, Python) Experience in UNIX programming Knowledge of Object-oriented Programming (OOP); including, modular design and development Knowledge of data structures, collections and algorithms and familiarity with Linux based systems Knowledge in Networking technologies and multi-threaded programming Knowledge of highly scalable, distributed fault tolerant systems Java background C++ background, knowledge with client-server systems, Internet communication protocols and real-time communication protocols (RTP, SIP/SDP, H.323) Self-Starter, quick learner and able to thrive in a culturally and technically diverse team environment Experience in Web development (e.g. MVC frameworks, Ajax Frameworks, Java, Spring, Hibernate, HTTP, XML, TCP/IP, JavaScript, JSP/Servlets) Experience designing and developing APIs and Web Services Understanding of databases, (e.g. NoSQL, SQL, schema design) 	Junior - Mid Core Java Software Engineer	Kforce	Jersey City	NJ	Jersey City, NJ	Kforce	Tue, 22 Sep 2015 19:43:30 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=07b2e1fdc1e75b75&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXbzlUXXGXB-wBba4UkGH96wW5HrU8bEk0EGd3tRzaDS8JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kepjjr1a3901t
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Design and code from specifications, analyzes, evaluates, tests, debugs, documents, and implements complex software apps - Uses coding methods in specific programming languages to initiate or enhance program execution and functionality - Under general direction, devises or modifies procedures to solve complex problems considering computer equipment capacity and limitations, operating time, and form of desired results - Competent to work at the highest technical level of all phases of applications programming activities - Monitor program execution for expected performance - Monitors systems capacity and performance, plans and executes disaster recovery procedures, and provides Tier 2 technical support. - Strong front-end performance tuning experience of web based applications (Java, J2EE, JavaScript, SPRING, HTML, XML, DHTML, WebServices, CSS, AJAX, SOA, EJB) - Strong analytical &amp; troubleshooting skills - Exposure to ATG platform is a plus. - Exposure to monitoring tools Wily and CEM is a plus. Requires a bachelor's degree in area of specialty and at least 4-8 years of experience in the field or in a related area Skill set Java. Work Experience 4+ Yrs Number of positions 1	Software Systems Engineer	RiVi Consulting Group	Township of Warren	NJ	Township of Warren, NJ	RiVi Consulting Group	Thu, 27 Aug 2015 23:39:44 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=da32e503891a7336&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXbzlUXXGXB-wBba4UkGH96wW5HrU8bEk0EGd3tRzaDS8JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kepjjr1a3901t
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Lead Software Engineer (.NET) Works within a scrum team to design and develop software products in the Microsoft .NET environment (C#, ASP.NET, SQL 2014, MVC). Lead Software Engineer (.NET) Essential Functions: Serve as technical team lead for a small, senior product development scrum team. Drive software architecture of next-generation .NET SaaS platform, including SQL Server 2014 data model, persistence layer, web-services based business tier, business rules engine, UI tier, and integration components. Establish and maintain best-practice development standards. Implement and maintain automated build and deployment scripts. Work with QA engineers to identify and correct defects found in testing. Support products in the field by working with customers and technical support representatives (light travel may be required). Support clients and internal users on new product releases and features. Skills Required: Top-notch .NET/MVC development skills (C#). Experience designing and developing multi-tenant SaaS products. Demonstrated leadership and mentoring experience. Excellent interpersonal skills and oral/written communication. Ability to handle challenging situations and multiple tasks simultaneously while performing within tight time constraints. Lead Software Engineer (.NET) Technical Skills: Minimum 10 years end-to-end web development experience. Minimum 5 years experience with the C# and web frameworks such as .NET MVC. Familiarity with other server-side language such as PHP (preferred) Java or Ruby. Familiarity with client-side technologies including but not limited to HTML, CSS and Javascript libraries such as JQuery. Experience with HTML5 and responsive web design preferred. Minimum 5 years experience with relational database design and development (SQL Server preferred). Experience working in agile programming environment. Education and Experience: Four-year college degree in Computer Science or a related field, or equivalent experience is required.	Lead Software Engineer (.NET)	Smith & Keller	New York	NY	New York, NY	Smith & Keller	Tue, 15 Sep 2015 10:04:33 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=6e0cdc78f06cc7e7&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXbzlUXXGXB-wBba4UkGH96wW5HrU8bEk0EGd3tRzaDS8JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kepjjr1a3901t
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	RESPONSIBILITIES: Kforce is seeking candidates for our client in Florham Park, New Jersey. This is a great opportunity to work in a R&amp;D lab environment. Our client is looking for candidates with a passion to solve tough challenges through innovation and the application of technology Responsibilities: In the lab, will be performing R&amp;D to: Create novel wireless communications and situational awareness systems using standards based and custom communications protocols. Create unique systems for use in air, land and maritime environments Employ advanced signal and protocol processing, channel modeling and waveform design from HF to W band and optical frequencies as well Join a fast-moving, high-performing multidisciplinary team with a record of success and opportunity for advancement You will develop advanced protocol processing and processing algorithms for unique applications. The programs are for applied research and technology in an advanced networking and communication organization Position Responsibilities: Apply and perform systems analysis, modeling and simulation of processing systems and demonstrate systems via simulated and/or real data input Perform functional analysis, performance analysis and synthesis of protocol implementations (including physical transmission convergence and higher layer) for Radio and Core Access Technologies Conceptualize, define, design, and prototype complex systems engineering solutions May lead a team of engineers to accomplish a similar task Work with upper-level engineers to identify need for improvement and work on implementing solutions to meet those needs REQUIREMENTS: Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or Electrical Engineering and 6-8 years of experience or an equivalent combination of skills, education and experience. Master's degree preferred Experience coding in C/C++ Understand the wireless protocol stacks for GSM, LTD,and 3G UMTS/CDMA Applicants selected will be subject to a government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information Working knowledge of radio access, core network, interface protocol and the call flows over these interfaces Experience in 3GPP/IEEE/ANSI/ITU/ETSI Wireless and Trunked mobile radio protocols and survey tools Demonstrated ability to rapidly prototype protocols and applications Demonstrated knowledge of object oriented architecture, programming and programming methods Experience with Linux Demonstrated ability to leverage open source programs, rapid integration methods, web interfaces and services implementation, XML implementation methods Object oriented architecture, programming and programming methods required Demonstrated experience or knowledge of software methods - from those that are highly formal requiring extensive documentation and reviews to 'extreme' programming techniques Excellent communication and interpersonal skills 	Software / Wireless Protocols Engineer	Kforce	Florham Park	NJ	Florham Park, NJ	Kforce	Fri, 02 Oct 2015 18:45:35 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=65e18d7dd561ae46&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXbzlUXXGXB-wBba4UkGH96wW5HrU8bEk0EGd3tRzaDS8JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kepjjr1a3901t
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Develop services, systems and tools using mostly C#, ASP.NET MVC and SQL Server Full Stack .Net Software Engineer – CONTRACT – New York, NY Full Stack .Net Software Engineer Summary &amp; Skills: As a full stack software engineer, you’ll develop innovative technologies that are changing the Alternative Asset Management industry. You’ll work with other engineers and business analysts to design, build, deploy, and support the core business Innovation's suite of applications. You’ll tackle a variety of problems ranging from optimizing data retrieval performance to scaling out infrastructure or bringing complex systems together. You’ll devise elegant solutions, and put your own best ideas to work in an entrepreneurial environment inside one of the world's most successful companies. Develop services, systems and tools using mostly C#, ASP.NET MVC and SQL Server Lead and participate in technical, design and operations reviews throughout the development cycle Identify areas of the business which could be streamlined through the application of technology Build and share reusable components Automate everything Grow the team by sharing your specialized skills Qualifications: My client is seeking to hire individuals who are highly motivated, intelligent and have demonstrated excellence in prior endeavors. Qualified candidates will possess: A B.S. in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or similar A desire to learn and adapt to new technologies A self-starting, entrepreneurial attitude Object-oriented programming experience in any language A desire to keep improving Pluses include experience with JavaScript / JavaScript frameworks (jQuery, underscore, knockout, d3) CSS / SASS / Coffee Source control Database technologies .NET / C# / ASP.NET Follow us on our BLOG to see more jobs like this: http://ny.vereduscorp.com/ Why Veredus? Candidates work with a professional Recruiter whose average experience is eight years in the industry. That means they have intimate knowledge of the Information Technology industry and market trends - who is in demand now and who will be next. Your Veredus Recruiter will lead you through a thorough screening process in order to understand your skills, experience, needs, and desires. They also counsel their candidates in resume writing, interviewing, and career planning so when there’s a position you really want, you’re fully prepared to get it. Additionally, if the position is a consulting opportunity Veredus provides full benefits starting Day 1, and at virtually no cost to you. Medical Dental Vision 401K Life Insurance ($20,000 benefit) ATOP - Accrued Time Off Program Consultant Lunches and Outings Consultant Web-Site Name Plates Care packages/Survival packs Dedicated Consulting Services Representative Veredus has been recognized as one of the “Best Staffing Firms to Work For” by Staffing Industry Analysts the last 3 years in a row. Nervous about an upcoming interview Want to be as prepared as possible Click on the link below and you will have access to the Veredus Interview Prep Video - culled from hundreds of years of collective experience in preparing candidates for that all important job interview: http://vereduscorp.com/career-center/ Veredus Corporation is an EEO/Affirmative Action Employer M/F/D/V. Drug testing may be required; please contact Recruiter for more information.	Full Stack .NET Software Engineer	Veredus	New York	NY	New York, NY	Veredus	Wed, 16 Sep 2015 07:46:58 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=b4bb4243be903c41&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXbzlUXXGXB-wBba4UkGH96wW5HrU8bEk0EGd3tRzaDS8JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kepjjr1a3901t
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Job Title: Sr. Software Engineer Job Location: Rockleigh, NJ Job Type: Full time/ Permanent REQUIREMENTS Client is looking for a Software Engineer to be an integral member of their device management software platform. Must have experience with C#, .Net, C++. Must have experience in programming interactions with hardware devices or in writing firmware. WPF experience is a plus. Experience with protocol specifications and analysis is a plus. At least 2 years industry experience or significant programming achievements are needed. S. Computer Engineering, Computer Science or equivalent Required experience: C#, .Net, C++, MVVM: 5 years 	Sr. Software Engineer	Prospance inc	Rockleigh	NJ	Rockleigh, NJ	Indeed	Mon, 17 Aug 2015 22:31:26 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=75783ac48da1331d&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXbzlUXXGXB-wBba4UkGH96wW5HrU8bEk0EGd3tRzaDS8JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kepjjr1a3901t
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	We’re looking for extremely talented, passionate and resourceful a Software Engineer – PHP that want to join a collaborative, humorous and hard-working team of developers that really believe in what they’re building – someone who loves the thrill of working with an awesome startup where they can build systems that are so good they want to brag about them! Responsibilities for Software Engineer – PHP Building out next generation e-commerce platforms and systems Analyzing application performance Identifying and resolving application and database bottlenecks Writing SQL queries and data modelling for real time reporting Skills &amp; Requirements for Software Engineer – PHP Gotta Have Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science/Engineering preferred or combined equivalent of education and/or experience 5+ years of experience developing database driven web applications, and solid experience in the latest web technologies, including PHP 5.x, MySQL, XML, CSS3, JSON and JQuery 3+ years of OOP/MVC PHP programming 2+ years developing test driven code using tools such as (PHPUnit, Jenkins, etc) Solid experience working within LAMP environment Experience in developing database driven web applications, combining back-end database with frontend integration. Hope you Have Experience with Zend Framework Experience developing web services A passion for learning and experimentation. While our core is PHP, we like to use the tool for the job. Want to build a subsystem with Redis, Gearman, NodeJS, or StatsD? Go for it! A strong portfolio of web-oriented projects.* Guru Skills Amazing “can-do” attitude Tireless energy &amp; motivation Able to leap from one activity to the next – without breaking a sweat! Able to “go with the flow” – very zen! 	Software Engineer – PHP (160K)	Smith & Keller	New York	NY	New York, NY	Smith & Keller	Tue, 15 Sep 2015 10:03:41 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=1de28a5c2501975c&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXbzlUXXGXB-wBba4UkGH96wW5HrU8bEk0EGd3tRzaDS8JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kepjjr1a3901t
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	In a time where people are canceling their cable TV subscriptions in favor of online streaming media, there's a NYC technology startup responsible for over 94 billion plays and over 4 billion hours of streaming video watched last year. Their video player is currently deployed on over 2 million web properties and streams nearly 5% of all internet video. They recently created a mobile streaming platform and are looking for an Android Engineer to take ownership of developing their Android SDK. Your work will enable native app developers to build streaming video functionality into their apps. This company's product is the third most used streaming video player (only behind YouTube and Facebook) so your work will be immediately deployed to a massive audience. Requirements: 2+ years of Android app or SDK development experience Knowledge of some of the following: Java, Python, JavaScript, HTML, Git, Jenkins, C++ BS, MS, or PHD in Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics, or a related field of study 	Android Software Engineer - Streaming Video SDK	HiringCatalyst	New York	NY	New York, NY	Breezy HR	Mon, 02 Nov 2015 19:53:20 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=61cc7e60fbded611&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXbzlUXXGXB-wBba4UkGH96wW5HrU8bEk0EGd3tRzaDS8JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kepjjr1a3901t
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Job Title: Senior Software Engineer - API - Scala, AKKA, Play Job Location: New York Job Type: Full Time Job Description: Company is hiring Software Engineers to help us innovate in the way we develop our industry-leading communications monitoring and analytics service platform for the financial industry. Organization Vault is a startup within the company Enterprise group. Their infrastructure processes over 250 million messages per day and our archive manages over 80 billion communications objects ranging from e-mail to voice recordings. They believe in building the best cloud-services for our customers using the best tools for the job and They’re looking for developers who want to have an impact in the financial industry. We are using open source technologies including: Java, Scala, Play Framework, Accumulo, Hadoop, jQuery, Docker IO. Must have: A hands-on problem solver with excellent software design and implementation skills using scalable REST web services in Scala/Java (7,8) using Akka/Play. Solid experience with OO driven development and frameworks similar to Play Solid experience working with HTML5, AJAX, CSS and front-end technologies Experience as component owner making significant contributions to code, architecture, performance, robustness and reliability. A self-starter who brings energy, passion and creativity to work every day. Desired Skills: BA/BS in Computer Science, related degree, or strong comparable experience. 5+ years of professional software development experience. Experience developing modern enterprise or REST applications using languages like Scala/Java/Python etc. Knowledge of RDBMs like MySQL, data modeling, SQL tuning and optimization Familiarity with NoSQL data stores like Accumulo, Solr, Redis or Memcache 	Senior Software Engineer - API - Scala, AKKA, Play	MSH Group	New York	NY	New York, NY	MSH Group	Thu, 17 Sep 2015 05:22:05 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=0d542e319af83aed&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXbzlUXXGXB-wBba4UkGH96wW5HrU8bEk0EGd3tRzaDS8JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kepjjr1a3901t
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	The Senior Software Engineer will be accountable for leading a small team as well as developing and maintaining key modules of the V12 Group's suite of SaaS applications. The Engineer will be working on a variety of applications and next generation products as well as working on a team of top developers with cutting edge technologies. Responsibilities • Design, develop and modify modules based on functional and system requirements • Work closely with Product Owner for understanding the functional and system requirements • Provide feedback during design and code peer reviews • Adhere to software team's established processes and tools • Participate in sprint planning and estimating • Contribute ideas for process improvement, including coding practices, standards and tools • Work closely with Software Engineers to ensure architectural integrity and product quality • Mentor junior engineers in development methodologies and best practices • Engage in continuous self-improvement of technical and communications skills • Solid understanding of OOP/OOD Principles • Participate in testing process through unit testing and bug fixes • Strong ability to debug code quickly and efficiently • Maintain awareness of deadlines and priorities • All other duties as assigned Skills &amp; Requirements Position Requirements Formal Education &amp; Certification • BS/BA degree in Computer Science, Information Systems or related field Like to Haves • 4-6+ years in a working environment • Experience leading a team • HTML5 / CSS3 / JavaScript • JQuery / knockoutjs / AngularJS • C# • ASP.NET MVC • Basic Design Patterns (Factory, Repository, Singleton, UnitOfWork, Dependency Injection) • Team leadership/Scrum Master • Experience organizing and coordinating programming tasks assigned to other Software Engineers • Experience monitoring project status, technical leadership, mentoring and providing insight within the Software Engineering department Other valuable skills • ADO.NET / ORM: Entity Framework, NHibernate • SQL Server Databases (SQL Queries, Stored Procedures, Database Triggers) • Agile/Scrum methodologies • Familiarity building multithreaded applications • Experience with modern Internet APIs, protocols, and patterns including REST, JSON, XML • WCF, WebAPI 2, Web Services (REST, SOAP) • Embrace a test-driven development (TDD) approach, leveraging unit test tools such as JUnit and NUnit (BTT nice to have) Personal Attributes • Experience at working both independently and in a team-oriented, collaborative environment is essential • Analytical and problem-solving capabilities • Strong attention to detail and ability to multi-task • Ability to work under tight project deadlines About V12 Group If you’re looking for a company where you can work hard, have fun, get inspired, and be well compensated then we’re looking for you. V12 Group is proof that you don’t have to choose between the inflexibility of corporate culture and the uncertainty of a startup. Enjoy a comprehensive benefits package, generous vacation time, and a highly competitive salary all in an environment that promotes creativity and innovation. Headquartered in Red Bank, NJ, V12 Group is a two-time honoree of NJBIZ’s Best Places to Work in New Jersey. Since 2002, V12 Group has been providing customers, clients, and users of Launchpad, our marketing cloud, with leading technology, quality data, and an unparalleled customer experience. You don’t have to travel to Silicon Valley to join a leading technology company; you just have to apply. Contact us today to learn more about V12 Group, our team, and your future. Check out our corporate site at: http://www.v12groupinc.com/ As well as our Launchpad Marketing Cloud at: https://launchpadcloud.com/ \	Senior Software Engineer/Marketing-Technology company with latest technologies!	V12 Group	Red Bank	NJ	Red Bank, NJ	StackOverflow Jobs	Thu, 29 Oct 2015 20:48:03 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=bd5b20bfc29b3c90&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXbzlUXXGXB-wBba4UkGH96wW5HrU8bEk0EGd3tRzaDS8JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kepjjr1a3901t
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	DESCRIPTION: Catchpoint Systems is in need of a Back-End Software Engineer who will play an essential role in developing our data analytics platform, which is a distributed, multi-threaded, fault tolerant system. The Engineer will often work with and enhance our custom NoSQL DB, which is used for populating, aggregating, and extracting very large data, to be used by our clients for reporting &amp; alerting. EXPERIENCE: 3+ years of experience in either C#, C++, or Java 3+ years of experience in writing multi-threaded applications and services Big Data Processing Deep understanding of SQL, and design patterns Building and maintaining unit/functional/integration tests Writing client server applications Familiarity with: Developing and integrating with WCF and/or other Webservice frameworks Understanding of .NET Frameworks Addressing and Troubleshooting network issues Database management LINQ REQUIREMENTS: BS or MS degree in Computer Science or related major COMPENSATION: We offer great benefits along with a stable and professional work environment, health insurance, and stock options. OVERVIEW: Catchpoint Systems offers wide-ranging and easy-to-use web monitoring tools that allow businesses to discover and fix problems with their websites before they impact end users, ultimately saving revenue and time, and preserving their brand in the eyes of consumers. Using Catchpoint’s customizable dashboards, analytics capabilities, and innovative alerting system, DevOps professionals can rest easy knowing that their synthetic monitoring needs are taken care of, and that their sites’ speed, availability, and reliability are maximized. At the same time, Catchpoint’s Real User Measurement solution ensures that the sites’ critical conversion paths are optimized to the fullest extent. Over 250 clients, including major brands such as Comcast, LinkedIn, Overstock, TripAdvisor, Wayfair, Priceline, and more have realized the benefit of Catchpoint as a third party monitoring solution. The key to our value is the end-to-end visibility of the complete user experience that our clients are able to access. With 12 different monitor types, including browser, DNS, API, SSH, transaction, network path, and a number of others, Catchpoint users can synthetically monitor from 400+ locations around the world, getting real-time analytics across a broad variety of functionalities that make up their sites.	Software Engineer (Data Platform)	Catchpoint Systems	New York	NY	New York, NY	Catchpoint Systems	Mon, 03 Aug 2015 06:20:16 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=4e862e4420804738&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXbzlUXXGXB-wBba4UkGH96wW5HrU8bEk0EGd3tRzaDS8JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kepjjr1a3901t
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Quidsi Inc., is a subsidiary of Amazon and entrepreneurial parent company to Diapers.com, Soap.com, BeautyBar.com, Wag.com, Yoyo.com, Look.com, Afterschool.com, Casa.com and Vinemarket.com. We are a mom-centric retail technology company. We deliver delightful experiences, products, and expertise by offering a curated selection of products, lightning-fast delivery, incredible customer service, and an easy-to-navigate shopping experience. Quidsi’s sites are host to millions of daily visitors and our warehouses are run by hundreds of autonomous Kiva robots. Our entire operation from our websites/apps, to our fulfillment centers and customer care center is focused on creating an enjoyable end-to-end customer experience. To get there, we need exceptionally talented, bright and driven people who are energized by "what if" (the meaning of Quidsi in Latin). If you'd like to help us build the place where people can find and buy anything online, come and innovate with us! We are building a high caliber technology team consisting of the brightest minds who raise the bar and enjoy being vigorously challenged. The ideal candidate is passionate about design and architecture with an unwavering commitment to code quality. The Senior Software Development Engineer is an idea generator who offers innovative solutions through a combination of creative thinking and deep understanding of the problem space. Projects will leverage Amazon’s technological capabilities and platforms to make Quidsi’s solutions compelling, unique and sustainable. Responsibilities : · Propose, prototype and evaluate multiple areas of optimization for our e-commerce applications and mobile-optimized sites · Build high availability/ high reliability software on time · Construct secure, scalable, and low-latency services and mobile applications · Provide hands-on code contribution and shipping responsibility - libraries, API's, documentation · Partner with Marketing, Merchandising and other business stakeholders to define functional solutions for business problems Basic Qualifications · Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or a related field or corresponding experience equaling 4 year degree · 5+ years experience in at least one of the following modern programming languages: Java, C#, C++, Python, Ruby, Scala, Groovy or any other modern non-scripting language · Minimum of 2 years of web applications/services experience Preferred Qualifications · Building highly-available distributed systems on a cloud infrastructure (e.g. AWS) · Delivering low-latency, consumer-internet-scale web services · Experience working with, or an interest in Agile Methodologies, such as Extreme Programming (XP) and Scrum · Strong OO skills, Computer Science fundamentals in data structures and algorithm design · Training and mentoring the engineering community on complex technical issues · Managing expectations, meeting firm deadlines and thriving in a dynamic work environment · Problem solving and complexity analysis · Strong verbal and written communication skills · Maintaining a sense of humor Quidsi Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer-Affirmative Action Employer Female/Minority/Disability/Vet .tch1.qds.crp.	Lead Software Development Engineer – Quidsi, Amazon Subsidiary	Quidsi, Inc.	Jersey City	NJ	Jersey City, NJ	Amazon.com	Fri, 14 Aug 2015 05:17:09 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=102593e6fa6a8039&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXbzlUXXGXB-wBba4UkGH96wW5HrU8bEk0EGd3tRzaDS8JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kepjjr1a3901t
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Crestron is the world's leading manufacturer of advanced control and automation systems, innovating technology and reinventing the way people live and work. Offering integrated solutions to control audio, video, computer, IP and environmental systems, Crestron streamlines technology, improving the quality of life for people in corporate boardrooms, conference rooms, classrooms, auditoriums, and in their homes. Crestron's software test team is seeking a talented and self-motivated engineer with software and/or software testing experience in a hardware environment who can apply his/her expertise to testing our software products in order to assure quality and stability prior to deployment. Responsibilities: Formulate test strategies for new and existing software products Design, develop and update test plans and test cases as needed Execute test plans, report results and create problem reports when applicable Position Requirements: BS in Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering or Computer Science Minimum of 3 years of software and/or software testing experience within a hardware environment Strong troubleshooting and debugging skills Able to multi-task effectively Methodical and detail-oriented Able to work independently as well as within a team Excellent verbal and written communication skills Must be able to work in the U.S. without sponsorship Preferred: System level testing experience Crestron knowledge Skills and Education Requirements: BS in Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering or Computer Science Minimum of 3 years of software and/or software testing experience within a hardware environment Strong troubleshooting and debugging skills Able to multi-task effectively Methodical and detail-oriented Able to work independently as well as within a team Excellent verbal and written communication skills 	Software Quality Engineer	Crestron Electronics	Rockleigh	NJ	Rockleigh, NJ	Crestron Electronics	Tue, 25 Aug 2015 00:11:26 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=d44c0739efedd046&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXbzlUXXGXB-wBba4UkGH96wW5HrU8bEk0EGd3tRzaDS8JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kepjjr1a3901t
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Crestron is the world's leading manufacturer of advanced control and automation systems, innovating technology and reinventing the way people live and work. Offering integrated solutions to control audio, video, computer, IP and environmental systems, Crestron streamlines technology, improving the quality of life for people in corporate boardrooms, conference rooms, classrooms, auditoriums, and in their homes. Crestron's software test team is seeking a talented and self-motivated engineer with software and/or software testing experience in a hardware environment who can apply his/her expertise to testing our software products in order to assure quality and stability prior to deployment. Responsibilities: Formulate test strategies for new and existing software products Design, develop and update test plans and test cases as needed Execute test plans, report results and create problem reports when applicable Position Requirements: BS in Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering or Computer Science Minimum of 3 years of software and/or software testing experience within a hardware environment Strong troubleshooting and debugging skills Able to multi-task effectively Methodical and detail-oriented Able to work independently as well as within a team Excellent verbal and written communication skills Must be able to work in the U.S. without sponsorship Preferred: System level testing experience Crestron knowledge Skills and Education Requirements: BS in Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering or Computer Science Minimum of 3 years of software and/or software testing experience within a hardware environment Strong troubleshooting and debugging skills Able to multi-task effectively Methodical and detail-oriented Able to work independently as well as within a team Excellent verbal and written communication skills 	Software Quality Engineer	Crestron	Rockleigh	NJ	Rockleigh, NJ	Crestron	Mon, 24 Aug 2015 22:41:41 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=7078e88edbd09003&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXbzlUXXGXB-wBba4UkGH96wW5HrU8bEk0EGd3tRzaDS8JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kepjjr1a3901t
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Location: New York, NY Job Description We are looking for an experienced and professional Software Engineer to join our growing team. If you meet our background requirements and have a desire to work for a great company that takes care of its employees, this Software Engineer may be the ideal opportunity for you! MTS 2 Software Engineer Job Responsibilities Write high-quality, high-performance, maintainable full stack code for our Java/Java EE based product Participate as technical lead in the full Software Development Life Cycle (Agile/Scrum), iterative development, estimations and design sessions Lead architecture discussions in planning stage on architectural design of projects. Own product design by facilitating design reviews and staying abreast of design standards and incorporate into product design. Work closely with Product Managers, Software Engineers, Operations, and Quality Assurance Engineers in a collaborative environment to provide quality software and solutions. Partner with Product Manager to influence product future Maintain and champion our engineering culture: perform design and code review, introduce new tools and methods, give "brown bag" presentations, etc. MTS 2 Software Engineer Job Requirements Education: BSCS or BSEE or Other Related 4yr Technical Degree 2+ to 5 years' experience Minimum Education - Bachelor's Degree MTS 2 Software Engineer Benefits Our hires are treated to competitive pay and an excellent benefits package. To learn more about pay and benefits, please apply today! MTS 2 Software Engineer Company Overview The JAG Group is dedicated to provide effective medical staffing solutions for healthcare organizations and in offering practice opportunities and alternatives for the healthcare professionals we serve. The JAG Group is a member of NAPS (National Association of Personnel Services) and GAPS (Georgia Association of Personnel Services). Matching qualified healthcare professionals with medical practices and hospitals across the USA in need of healthcare employment is what we do best! Derrick Green The JAG Group www.thejaggroup.com jobs@thejaggroup.com 404-874-3624 direct 877-843-5244, Ext 24 678-904-7808 fax	MTS 2 Software Engineer	The Jag Group	New York	NY	New York, NY	The JAG Group	Sun, 13 Sep 2015 09:23:00 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=d3c47cd25b53e6b6&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1CyvhochUB5hW5rCOl4UV_JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kepp1u19tp6pj
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Job Requirements Looking for Full Stack Software Engineers with excellent coding skills and an Ad Tech background to help build a native advertising platform Strong experience with REST architecture/ development and full stack Java development. Relocation Assistance Available - Possible for ideal candidate Please submit your resume for consideration only if you meet requirements and qualifications. PLEASE SEND RESUME TO: aparker@snelling-atlanta.com	MTS 2, Software Engineer -NY0914	Snelling - Lilburn	New York	NY	New York, NY	Snelling Staffing Services	Mon, 14 Sep 2015 17:07:53 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=cad0bc178b13369f&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1CyvhochUB5hW5rCOl4UV_JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kepp1u19tp6pj
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	· Master’s and/or Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering or equivalent. · 5+ years of professional experience developing user facing apps in Objective-C/Swift for iOS and Java/C for Android. · Experience with AVFoundation, CoreGraphics, CoreMedia, MediaPlayer &amp; UIKit frameworks in iOS · Experience with XCode to build apps for iOS and OS X and used Instruments to find memory leaks, optimize your apps. · Great experience with Data Structures and Algorithms. · You have built apps for multiple form factors (iPhone 4, iPhone 6, 6+, iPad Air etc) from an idea and have launched them on the AppStore. · Solid experience with Android and enjoy writing apps for Android Phones and tablets. · Experience withAndroid Activity LifeCycle and have used Fragments. · Experience building apps that use JNI (Java Native Interface) and have a deep understanding about Java memory management and garbage collection in Android. · You can write readable, maintainable, performant object-oriented Java Email resume in Word to JeffAltman@TheBigGameHunter.us. Please include the job code for the position with your resume. NOTE: WE WILL ONLY RESPOND IF YOUR RESUME APPEARS TO FIT A ROLE NO PAID RELOCATION. NO OVERSEAS RESUMES. NO 3RD PARTIES. Applicants for employment in the US must possess work authorization which does not require sponsorship from the employer for a visa. To receive a complimentary subscription to my job search ezine, No B.S. Job Search Advice, go to www.TheBigGameHunter.usto subscribe. Listen to "Job Search Radio" on WebTalkRadio.net or in iTunes and other podcast directories. Want to ask me questions via phone, Skype or Facetime? Have your job search questions answered. The Big Game Hunter is a professional search firm and coaching service that helps people find superior opportunities and firms locate superior talent. In addition, we generate an extraordinary amount of information to help job hunters, recruiting professionals and hiring managers be more effective. Visit http://www.TheBigGameHunter.us	Senior Mobile Software Engineer	The Big Game Hunter	Hackensack	NJ	Hackensack, NJ	The Big Game Hunter	Tue, 20 Oct 2015 05:07:53 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=caa2bfafd6ea984e&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1CyvhochUB5hW5rCOl4UV_JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kepp1u19tp6pj
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Job Title: Senior Software Engineer, Android Discipline: Software Engineering Reports to: Director of Engineering, Mobile Apps Location: Seattle, WA or New York, NY Job Profile: Build rich, dynamic, cross-platform native mobile applications for Android and iOS devices. Work hand-in-hand with the design team to implement interfaces that look beautiful and adapt dynamically to all form factors. Architect complex UI interactions that push the boundaries of multi-touch interfaces. Implement animations and transitions that make experiences on mobile phones and tablets come to life. Establish infrastructure and practices for code reuse across development environments. Responsibilities: Execute on a software architecture and development plan to implement new features and products Write code to tackle challenging technical problems with a focus on readability, maintainability, performance, and quality Propose novel solutions to design and technical challenges Communicate effectively with your team and other product disciplines, raising issues early and offering solutions Develop all software according to coding standards and processes Perform reviews of other engineers’ code, designs, and architectures Make use of unit and integration tests wherever possible Mentor junior engineers Participate in the interview process for new team members Invent technology and infrastructure to share complex or platform agnostic software components across development ecosystems Advise other engineers, designers, and management on mobile application development for Android devices Requirements: BS degree in Computer Science or related field, or equivalent practical experience 4+ years of relevant work experience A solid foundation in computer science, with strong competencies in data structures, algorithms, and software design An extensive knowledge of Android application development, having developed and deployed at least one commercial Android application through the Google Play store Proven, self-motivated engineer with a track record of creating production-quality mobile applications Posses a strong passion for building custom user experiences Able to work effectively in a cross-disciplinary environment, particularly with designers Able to create a development plan for a given feature set, estimate its tasks, and execute on those tasks in an efficient manner Working knowledge of the iOS development platform is a plus Expert in C++, Objective-C, or Java Proficient with Git or similar revision control systems We Offer: Medical, Dental, Vision, 401(K) Life Insurance Commuter Benefits Corporate discounts through AnyPerk Catered in-office lunches twice weekly and fully stocked pantry Flexible Time Off Policy Employee Equity Program 	Sr Software Engineer, Android	FiftyThree	New York	NY	New York, NY	FiftyThree	Sun, 16 Aug 2015 21:48:28 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=5dfb38c6d0c7c9e9&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1CyvhochUB5hW5rCOl4UV_JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kepp1u19tp6pj
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Immediate need for Sr.Dot Net Developer Polaris Full time - Work Permit Green Card USAH1B Transfer End Customer - Banking Finanacial Client Excellent written oral communication skill. These will be needed to participate in weekly daily monthly calls with On-site customer managers. Passion for learning and rapid iteration Handle multiple assignments simultaneously Flexible and dedicated to work with distributed teams Should be willing to learn, scale-up and take individual responsibility to completion Should be flexible and be ready to work on different technologies as required by the business. Some of the applications and its related technologies might be legacy. Should have exposure in SDLC life cycle. With practical knowledge of how each of these development phases get executed. Preferably should have worked on at least one major project implementation. Knowledge of distributed working environment including 3-tiered and n-tiered architecture is needed. end Client is highly distributed process driven environment. Previous experience in working with major banks or distributed business implementations will add value There will be distributed vendor technology teams involved and the team member should be able to work along with them in coordinating and implementing deliverable additional skills Jquery, Javascript, Ajax, XSLT , Stylesheet Immediate need for Sr.Dot Net Developer Polaris Full time - Green Card /USA/H1B Transfer 84+ Months of experience in Dotnet, C# ,ASP.NET , SQL Server, SSIS and BI Skills	Senior Software Engineer	Polaris Software Lab Inc	Piscataway	NJ	Piscataway, NJ	Dice	Thu, 15 Oct 2015 03:00:41 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=90b60773c40a7d12&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1CyvhochUB5hW5rCOl4UV_JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kepp1u19tp6pj
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Description BD (Becton, Dickinson and Company), a leading global medical technology company, is seeking a senior principal software engineer to oversee all aspects of design, architecture, and development of web-based services for BD’s healthcare IT projects. They assume the technical leadership of entire projects and champion technical and architectural excellence. This candidate will have a passion for building robust, well-architected solutions and takes scalability and maintainability very seriously. The candidate should be passionate about great software, and enjoy the details involved with the long-term outlook of technology strategy. The position is an exciting opportunity to make a meaningful, positive impact on patients throughout world by leveraging the cutting edge technologies. This role offers competitive relocation compensation and the opportunity for partial remote work. Duties and Responsibilities: Supervise and lead the activities of an agile software development team Plan, architect and implement full stack front and backend applications in a high-volume environment on Microsoft and related technologies (.NET, C#, MVC, WebAPI, IIS, SQL Server, Azure, and JavaScript) Champion technical and architectural excellence; Ensure correct technology choices and champion exceptionally high standards in terms of adherence to best practices; Lead by example in terms of code consistency, performance, robustness, intuitive APIs, all of which are core tenets for solutions Implement modern DevOps processes for continuous software delivery Set and enforce development standards and practices throughout the organization Collaborate and provide technical and design guidance and suggestions within the team and department Guide and mentor; perform peer code reviews and architectural reviews Assume technical ownership of entire projects, feature sets and modules without needing daily oversight Oversee and monitor projects and initiatives for technical and architectural soundness Perform discovery and estimation of epics, stories and tasks in Scrum projects Qualifications Bachelor's or Master's degree in Computer Science or related field 5+ years of professional experience in software engineering 2 yrs of C#, ASP.NET, MVC, WebAPI Proficiency with multi-tiered, web/cloud architectures A strong computer science background and solid experience with object oriented design and programming A passion for writing polished, well-architected code Well versed in web, backend and database software development principles Experience in agile software development teams Intimate familiarity with patterns and practices of the Microsoft web technology stack Implementing and deploying web applications in IIS Database programming and relational schema design for SQL Server Familiarity with Microsoft Azure Job Other Primary Location US-New Jersey-Franklin Lakes Shift First Shift / Day Job Relocation Available No	Senior Principal Software Engineer	Becton Dickinson & Company	Franklin Lakes	NJ	Franklin Lakes, NJ	Becton Dickinson	Thu, 03 Sep 2015 15:30:26 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=e20d4e4c73e6d84a&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1CyvhochUB5hW5rCOl4UV_JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kepp1u19tp6pj
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Smith &amp; Keller is currently seeking a Software Implementation Engineer to come grow with us in a dynamic and challenging environment to join our team. The team is comprised of talented, creative and dedicated individuals with a passion for delivering innovative solutions to the market. Our client recognizes that every employee’s contributions are integral to the company’s growth and success. To find and acquire the best and brightest talent around the globe, we offer a challenging work environment, competitive compensation and benefits, and rewarding career opportunities. The Software Implementation Engineer will be part of a team performing implementations to thier clients working with financial and banking software. There is coding involved, however this is not building a new product. Each project is somewhat unique – each client environment, processing solution we integrate with and business model is different. This company only looks for the brightest and best! Responsibilities for the Software Implementation Engineer: Develop, enhance, test and implement solutions for the financial services industry Qualifications for the Software Implementation Engineer: Databases: SQL or Data Warehousing, ETL, OLAP Operating systems: Windows and Linux Programming language: Java OR C++, Javascript Web Technologies: HTML, XML, XSL, Servlets Excellent communication skills Excellent written and spoken English Pro-active and Team Oriented approach BS degree in Computer Science or related field Travel required 25% Occasional night/weekend work to move to production Experience for the Software Implementation Engineer: 2+ years experience with a Software Company 	Software Implementation Engineer – SQL	Smith & Keller	New York	NY	New York, NY	Smith & Keller	Tue, 15 Sep 2015 10:03:42 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=b8d2c66251ed654f&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1CyvhochUB5hW5rCOl4UV_JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kepp1u19tp6pj
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Date: Immediate Location: New York, NY Type: FTE (Full Time Employee) JOB DESCRIPTION Symphony is looking for a senior-level, server-side Java software engineer to support its exponential growth. As a Symphony Backend Engineer, you'll be designing and implementing the cloud-based server-side logic for our secure communications platform. Working closely with Symphony’s industry partners and large financial clients, you will help design and integrate external platforms with Symphony’s enterprise-class, secure, end-to-end encrypted messaging application. Our engineers design and implement utilizing open source stacks (e.g. hbase, kafka, solr), extreme scaling within the cloud, and encryption in transit/at rest. This role is for a strong hands-on software engineer who also has outstanding communications skills. The successful candidate will be ready for a role that includes both directly contributing to the development of Symphony’s platform integration interfaces, and has the strong relationship management and communications skills to work directly with outside organizations to help create a complete technical solution. Why you are needed now: Symphony is a secure messaging startup backed by an array of the world’s leading financial institutions. Our clients and industry partners aim to create rich integrations with the Symphony front-end: Huge customer and industry demand for connections with 3rd party content and integration, and connections to enterprise applications Each one of these features needs to be maintainable, secure, and scalable to a large number of partner integrations Symphony is designed as an open platform which enables widespread integration. Platform integration is core to our product strategy. The problems you will be solving: Provide sophisticated back-end integration hooks to deliver hooks into Symphony’s core messaging platform, supporting integration with secure message “bots,” content and trading platform information feeds, and other server-side applications. Our clients are large, sophisticated global enterprises who seek to integrate Symphony in a complex fashion with their internal systems. Our partners include many application and content providers. Handling these complex stakeholders and delivering a strategic solution is the core of this challenging and crucial role. RESPONSIBILITIES Participate in development of Symphony's Server / Backend Development Work with clients and industry partners to explain how our interfaces work and assist in integrating with Symphony at both an architectural and code level Design, implement and test highly scalable, multi-tier, distributed server software applications Design and implement distributed and highly concurrent Java based enterprise services Create maintainable and scalable features fit for use by demanding enterprise clients QUALIFICATIONS Outstanding technical communications skills and stakeholder management 10+ years experience in a Java server-side software design and development Solid background in fundamentals of computer science and development process Experience developing high quality centralized server based apps Experience with open source frameworks and tools BS or MS degree in Computer Science or a related technical field DESIRED BUT NOT REQUIRED NoSQL and SQL databases Experience deploying server applications on Google App Engine (GAE), Google Compute Engine GCE and Amazon Web Service (AWS) Experience with any of the following: Kafka, Solr, Tomcat, HBase and Hadoop, ZooKeeper, Mongo, Camel Master’s Degree, and Machine learning exposure are a plus Experience with communication and messaging applications Experience with security software and solutions Experience designing and implementing scalable, high performance, server side Java applications Experience with distributed systems, persistence, caching, concurrent programming ABOUT SYMPHONY'S TECHNOLOGY STACK We selected Apache Kafka, Apache Solr, MongoDB and HBase due to their superior distributed nature, performance, reliability, and ability to scale to the volume of data generated by the expected workload. We built out the ReSTFUL web services layer in a stateless manner using Apache Tomcat, meaning capacity could be added linearly, by simply adding more boxes behind the load balancer. The client front end was conceived as a web client that could be delivered on any device, any operating system, anywhere in the world. To build it, we chose HTML5/CSS3, with JQuery, Backbone and Handlebars doing the bulk of the heavy lifting. Symphony's front-end web application uses the modular pattern made popular in CommonJS, which builds each component as a loosely coupled anonymous closure. The core of the JavaScript app handles request transport details, new message notifications and updates, configuration of the UI layout, and much more. These functions are abstracted behind a public sandbox and selectively bundled into modules when the components are loaded. This architecture helps Symphony add new components quickly and seamlessly because they are isolated from each other, and lets developers control exactly how much of the app needs to load—an architecture specifically designed for integration and customization. ABOUT SYMPHONY Designed for the exchange of high-value content, Symphony is a secure communication and workflow platform that improves workplace productivity and connects users to their professional and personal community. Symphony has attracted the world’s top financial institutions with a $66 million investment to develop a scalable, cloud-based and highly secure collaboration and communication platform that will address the enterprise and compliance requirements for the financial services industry. The Symphony platform is intended to be used by some of the most time-conscious firms on the planet who are regularly corresponding high-value information—where a delay of a few seconds can have significant cost implications. Symphony’s secure communication platform will be available to all financial institutions and professionals world-wide in mid-2015. Now we’re looking for top-notch engineers, programmers and marketers (etc.) to join our team in Palo Alto, CA and New York to help us change the way the world communicates. If you have the skills and savvy to work with a world-class team, and an appetite for game-changing disruption, we definitely want to hear from you. COMPENSATION Competitive Base Salary and Incentive (Stock Option) plan / Health/Dental/Vision/401k (We accept existing H1B Visa applicants) Symphony appreciates your interest in our company. Symphony is an Equal Opportunity Employer. SYMPHONY BENEFITS Competitive salary based on experience, skills, and qualifications Medical, Dental, and Vision coverage 401(K) Plan Life and AD&amp;D coverage Short Term and Long Term Disability coverage Employee Assistance Program Flexible Spending Account benefits Uncapped vacation and sick time Fully stocked kitchen and catered lunches Discounted gym memberships Many other fun and exciting benefits and activities! Symphony reserves the right of ownership for all unsolicited resumes submitted for this requisition and is not responsible for any fees associated with unsolicited resumes.	Senior Java Backend Software Engineer – Platform Integration	Symphony Communication Services, LLC	New York	NY	New York, NY	Symphony Communication Services, LLC	Mon, 03 Aug 2015 02:59:09 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=290bc98f9f30f088&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1CyvhochUB5hW5rCOl4UV_JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kepp1u19tp6pj
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Software Engineer Manufacturer of complex electro-mechanical systems is in need of a talented Software Engineer to participate in all aspects of the design and maintenance of software for their high performance precision products. Full life-cycle software development; programming to include conceptual design, general coding, release to manufacturing testing, and quality assurance. Candidate needs to be able to produce final release software for manufacturing including associated documentation. Candidate needs to demonstrate the ability to use appropriate development tools, compliers, and simulation. Must be capable of working within a team environment to plan, organize, execute and thoroughly document complex system designs, including the ability to assist in developing technical solutions to customer specifications. Test and debug skills are necessary; must understand interoperability of hardware and software. Knowledge of and experience with Microsoft Visual Studio; C, C#, VB, and Windows programming (WIN32, .NET) are required. Knowledge of and experience with analog and digital design (motor drive, microcontrollers) are a plus. Must be able to manage and support multiple tasks on a consistent basis, while providing the highest level of service. Good verbal and writing skills are necessary. Primary Responsibilities • Candidate will participate in all aspects of the software design and invention of high performance precision hardware products. •Includes conceptual design, architecting, and programming. •Includes debugging, and system testing applications and modules in various software languages. •Creation and upkeep of company product documents. •Maintenance of current products and feature addition. •Coordinate multiple build activities internally with engineering projects. •Directing test engineers and technicians on specific projects. •Provide customer support in the factory and in the field. Job Requirements • BS Computer Engineering or BSEE and 3+ years applicable experience in Windows programming design preferred. •Strong knowledge of C, C#, and Microsoft (WIN32, .NET) are required. •Strong knowledge of Microsoft SQL •Strong knowledge of Communication : TCP/IP, Serial, USB •Strong Knowledge of software development tools. •Knowledge of design, development, test engineering, and manufacturing processes. •Knowledge of Front End graphical user interface design •Must be capable of working within a team to plan. •Must be capable of thoroughly documenting complex system designs. •Proven ability to assist in developing technical solutions to customer specifications. •Experience with testing and debugging; in lab prototypes (initial bring up) and in field customer sites. •Ability to read hardware block diagrams, schematics, and wiring diagrams. •Knowledge of PCB schematic and layout tools a plus. •Basic computer skills, including Microsoft suite; Outlook, Word, Excel, etc... •Good verbal and writing skills are necessary. •Must be a US Citizen or Green Card holder Apply For This Job: Email your resume to Info@IntegralStaff.com referencing the Job ID in the title above. Thank You.	Software Engineer	Integral Staffing	Ramsey	NJ	Ramsey, NJ	Integral Staffing	Thu, 01 Oct 2015 22:44:17 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=1d42aa73823cdcd1&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1CyvhochUB5hW5rCOl4UV_JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kepp1u19tp6pj
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	iHeartRadio, iHeartMedia’s free digital radio service, is the No. 1 all-in-one digital audio service with over 600 million downloads; it reached its first 20 million registered users faster than any digital service in Internet history and reached 70 million users faster than any digital music service and even faster than Twitter, Facebook and Pinterest. The company’s operations include radio broadcasting, online, mobile, digital and social media, live concerts and events, syndication, music research services and independent media representation. iHeartRadio is looking for several Test Engineers who believe deeply in Continuous Integration and Deployment and have extensive background working in fast-paced, agile environments. As a Test Engineer, you will be embedded directly into our product teams and will work alongside existing Software Engineers to help build and expand our suite of automation tools and frameworks. If you have a passion for bringing push button deployments with full testing and regression tools to life, including Selenium Webdriver, PhantomJS, Appium, and Java, and have rapid and high quality deployments as a minimum standard for your team, you will love this role. We take our testing seriously and we want Engineers to be autonomous, creative and most of all produce high quality software. Quality not only entails finding bugs, but also helping to commit code, including functional tests, measuring performance, latency and data consistency across our entire product portfolio. Responsibilities: Architect and create an Automation Framework using open source technologies Work directly on our product teams ensuring proper Functional and Regression test coverage using tools like Selenium Webdriver, PhantomJS, Appium, Java, JUnit, TestNG, XCTest and others Ensure that the testing and automation tools are wired into our Continuous Integration proc ess using tools like Jenkins Work with individual engineers to ensure that the different product teams have a high degree of focus on quality by working on strategies (and code) for Functional testing Execute any manual testing required to move product work through the agile sprints Ensure all testing includes a multi-platform approach by thinking about different browsers and devices where iHeartRadio products live Collaborate with Product Managers and Engineers on building out test strategies and plans Requirements: Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or equivalent 3+ Years experience in a Test Engineering role for both client or backend based products Extensive experience in writing automated tests using frameworks like Selenium Webdriver, Appium, Java, JUnit, TestNG, Git Experience testing HTML and Mobile interfaces manually and automated Strong understanding of basic protocols like HTTP iHeartMedia is an equal opportunity employer and will not tolerate discrimination in employment on the basis of race, color, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, religion, disability, ethnicity, national origin, marital status, protected veteran status, genetic information, or any other legally protected classification or status. Required Skills Required Experience	Software Engineer in Test	iHeartMedia, Inc.	New York	NY	New York, NY	iHeartMedia, Inc.	Sat, 01 Aug 2015 06:24:54 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=8727add57ce985a7&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1CyvhochUB5hW5rCOl4UV_JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kepp1u19tp6pj
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	RESPONSIBILITIES: Kforce has a client has a client seeking a Junior Java Software Engineer 2 in Jersey City, New Jersey (NJ). This is a great opportunity for someone who has the desire to work with teams that are passionate about lean startup principles, innovation and creating amazing customer experiences. This is a company that is continuously recognized for its world-class products! Responsibilities: Responsible for design, evaluation and implementation of innovative software components for a large scale, fault tolerant and distributed software platform Help the client to implement their next generation audio platform delivering leading edge audio quality to customers using collaboration software as well as the stand-alone audio conferencing service Apply skills and experience in an agile/scrum environment, working closely with developers, designers, and product managers Work on cutting edge, cloud based, Software-as-a-Service products for a major player in the software/tech industry Work in an Agile Software development environment Work closely with Architect and Senior Engineers to design and implement a software solution in either Java or C++ (based on background) Work with the Quality Engineering Team to support product validation and deployment to LIVE environment Work with Scrum Master, Product Managers to understand and groom stories based on user requirements REQUIREMENTS: Experience in C++ or Java and one or more scripting languages (e.g., JavaScript, Python) Experience in UNIX programming Knowledge of Object-oriented Programming (OOP); including, modular design and development Knowledge of data structures, collections and algorithms and familiarity with Linux based systems Knowledge in Networking technologies and multi-threaded programming Knowledge of highly scalable, distributed fault tolerant systems Java background C++ background, knowledge with client-server systems, Internet communication protocols and real-time communication protocols (RTP, SIP/SDP, H.323) Self-Starter, quick learner and able to thrive in a culturally and technically diverse team environment Experience in Web development (e.g. MVC frameworks, Ajax Frameworks, Java, Spring, Hibernate, HTTP, XML, TCP/IP, JavaScript, JSP/Servlets) Experience designing and developing APIs and Web Services Understanding of databases, (e.g. NoSQL, SQL, schema design) 	Junior - Mid Core Java Software Engineer	Kforce	Jersey City	NJ	Jersey City, NJ	Kforce	Tue, 22 Sep 2015 19:43:30 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=07b2e1fdc1e75b75&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1CyvhochUB5hW5rCOl4UV_JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kepp1u19tp6pj
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Design and code from specifications, analyzes, evaluates, tests, debugs, documents, and implements complex software apps - Uses coding methods in specific programming languages to initiate or enhance program execution and functionality - Under general direction, devises or modifies procedures to solve complex problems considering computer equipment capacity and limitations, operating time, and form of desired results - Competent to work at the highest technical level of all phases of applications programming activities - Monitor program execution for expected performance - Monitors systems capacity and performance, plans and executes disaster recovery procedures, and provides Tier 2 technical support. - Strong front-end performance tuning experience of web based applications (Java, J2EE, JavaScript, SPRING, HTML, XML, DHTML, WebServices, CSS, AJAX, SOA, EJB) - Strong analytical &amp; troubleshooting skills - Exposure to ATG platform is a plus. - Exposure to monitoring tools Wily and CEM is a plus. Requires a bachelor's degree in area of specialty and at least 4-8 years of experience in the field or in a related area Skill set Java. Work Experience 4+ Yrs Number of positions 1	Software Systems Engineer	RiVi Consulting Group	Township of Warren	NJ	Township of Warren, NJ	RiVi Consulting Group	Thu, 27 Aug 2015 23:39:44 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=da32e503891a7336&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1CyvhochUB5hW5rCOl4UV_JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kepp1u19tp6pj
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Lead Software Engineer (.NET) Works within a scrum team to design and develop software products in the Microsoft .NET environment (C#, ASP.NET, SQL 2014, MVC). Lead Software Engineer (.NET) Essential Functions: Serve as technical team lead for a small, senior product development scrum team. Drive software architecture of next-generation .NET SaaS platform, including SQL Server 2014 data model, persistence layer, web-services based business tier, business rules engine, UI tier, and integration components. Establish and maintain best-practice development standards. Implement and maintain automated build and deployment scripts. Work with QA engineers to identify and correct defects found in testing. Support products in the field by working with customers and technical support representatives (light travel may be required). Support clients and internal users on new product releases and features. Skills Required: Top-notch .NET/MVC development skills (C#). Experience designing and developing multi-tenant SaaS products. Demonstrated leadership and mentoring experience. Excellent interpersonal skills and oral/written communication. Ability to handle challenging situations and multiple tasks simultaneously while performing within tight time constraints. Lead Software Engineer (.NET) Technical Skills: Minimum 10 years end-to-end web development experience. Minimum 5 years experience with the C# and web frameworks such as .NET MVC. Familiarity with other server-side language such as PHP (preferred) Java or Ruby. Familiarity with client-side technologies including but not limited to HTML, CSS and Javascript libraries such as JQuery. Experience with HTML5 and responsive web design preferred. Minimum 5 years experience with relational database design and development (SQL Server preferred). Experience working in agile programming environment. Education and Experience: Four-year college degree in Computer Science or a related field, or equivalent experience is required.	Lead Software Engineer (.NET)	Smith & Keller	New York	NY	New York, NY	Smith & Keller	Tue, 15 Sep 2015 10:04:33 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=6e0cdc78f06cc7e7&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1CyvhochUB5hW5rCOl4UV_JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kepp1u19tp6pj
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	RESPONSIBILITIES: Kforce is seeking candidates for our client in Florham Park, New Jersey. This is a great opportunity to work in a R&amp;D lab environment. Our client is looking for candidates with a passion to solve tough challenges through innovation and the application of technology Responsibilities: In the lab, will be performing R&amp;D to: Create novel wireless communications and situational awareness systems using standards based and custom communications protocols. Create unique systems for use in air, land and maritime environments Employ advanced signal and protocol processing, channel modeling and waveform design from HF to W band and optical frequencies as well Join a fast-moving, high-performing multidisciplinary team with a record of success and opportunity for advancement You will develop advanced protocol processing and processing algorithms for unique applications. The programs are for applied research and technology in an advanced networking and communication organization Position Responsibilities: Apply and perform systems analysis, modeling and simulation of processing systems and demonstrate systems via simulated and/or real data input Perform functional analysis, performance analysis and synthesis of protocol implementations (including physical transmission convergence and higher layer) for Radio and Core Access Technologies Conceptualize, define, design, and prototype complex systems engineering solutions May lead a team of engineers to accomplish a similar task Work with upper-level engineers to identify need for improvement and work on implementing solutions to meet those needs REQUIREMENTS: Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or Electrical Engineering and 6-8 years of experience or an equivalent combination of skills, education and experience. Master's degree preferred Experience coding in C/C++ Understand the wireless protocol stacks for GSM, LTD,and 3G UMTS/CDMA Applicants selected will be subject to a government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information Working knowledge of radio access, core network, interface protocol and the call flows over these interfaces Experience in 3GPP/IEEE/ANSI/ITU/ETSI Wireless and Trunked mobile radio protocols and survey tools Demonstrated ability to rapidly prototype protocols and applications Demonstrated knowledge of object oriented architecture, programming and programming methods Experience with Linux Demonstrated ability to leverage open source programs, rapid integration methods, web interfaces and services implementation, XML implementation methods Object oriented architecture, programming and programming methods required Demonstrated experience or knowledge of software methods - from those that are highly formal requiring extensive documentation and reviews to 'extreme' programming techniques Excellent communication and interpersonal skills 	Software / Wireless Protocols Engineer	Kforce	Florham Park	NJ	Florham Park, NJ	Kforce	Fri, 02 Oct 2015 18:45:35 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=65e18d7dd561ae46&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1CyvhochUB5hW5rCOl4UV_JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kepp1u19tp6pj
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Develop services, systems and tools using mostly C#, ASP.NET MVC and SQL Server Full Stack .Net Software Engineer – CONTRACT – New York, NY Full Stack .Net Software Engineer Summary &amp; Skills: As a full stack software engineer, you’ll develop innovative technologies that are changing the Alternative Asset Management industry. You’ll work with other engineers and business analysts to design, build, deploy, and support the core business Innovation's suite of applications. You’ll tackle a variety of problems ranging from optimizing data retrieval performance to scaling out infrastructure or bringing complex systems together. You’ll devise elegant solutions, and put your own best ideas to work in an entrepreneurial environment inside one of the world's most successful companies. Develop services, systems and tools using mostly C#, ASP.NET MVC and SQL Server Lead and participate in technical, design and operations reviews throughout the development cycle Identify areas of the business which could be streamlined through the application of technology Build and share reusable components Automate everything Grow the team by sharing your specialized skills Qualifications: My client is seeking to hire individuals who are highly motivated, intelligent and have demonstrated excellence in prior endeavors. Qualified candidates will possess: A B.S. in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or similar A desire to learn and adapt to new technologies A self-starting, entrepreneurial attitude Object-oriented programming experience in any language A desire to keep improving Pluses include experience with JavaScript / JavaScript frameworks (jQuery, underscore, knockout, d3) CSS / SASS / Coffee Source control Database technologies .NET / C# / ASP.NET Follow us on our BLOG to see more jobs like this: http://ny.vereduscorp.com/ Why Veredus? Candidates work with a professional Recruiter whose average experience is eight years in the industry. That means they have intimate knowledge of the Information Technology industry and market trends - who is in demand now and who will be next. Your Veredus Recruiter will lead you through a thorough screening process in order to understand your skills, experience, needs, and desires. They also counsel their candidates in resume writing, interviewing, and career planning so when there’s a position you really want, you’re fully prepared to get it. Additionally, if the position is a consulting opportunity Veredus provides full benefits starting Day 1, and at virtually no cost to you. Medical Dental Vision 401K Life Insurance ($20,000 benefit) ATOP - Accrued Time Off Program Consultant Lunches and Outings Consultant Web-Site Name Plates Care packages/Survival packs Dedicated Consulting Services Representative Veredus has been recognized as one of the “Best Staffing Firms to Work For” by Staffing Industry Analysts the last 3 years in a row. Nervous about an upcoming interview Want to be as prepared as possible Click on the link below and you will have access to the Veredus Interview Prep Video - culled from hundreds of years of collective experience in preparing candidates for that all important job interview: http://vereduscorp.com/career-center/ Veredus Corporation is an EEO/Affirmative Action Employer M/F/D/V. Drug testing may be required; please contact Recruiter for more information.	Full Stack .NET Software Engineer	Veredus	New York	NY	New York, NY	Veredus	Wed, 16 Sep 2015 07:46:58 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=b4bb4243be903c41&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1CyvhochUB5hW5rCOl4UV_JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kepp1u19tp6pj
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Job Title: Sr. Software Engineer Job Location: Rockleigh, NJ Job Type: Full time/ Permanent REQUIREMENTS Client is looking for a Software Engineer to be an integral member of their device management software platform. Must have experience with C#, .Net, C++. Must have experience in programming interactions with hardware devices or in writing firmware. WPF experience is a plus. Experience with protocol specifications and analysis is a plus. At least 2 years industry experience or significant programming achievements are needed. S. Computer Engineering, Computer Science or equivalent Required experience: C#, .Net, C++, MVVM: 5 years 	Sr. Software Engineer	Prospance inc	Rockleigh	NJ	Rockleigh, NJ	Indeed	Mon, 17 Aug 2015 22:31:26 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=75783ac48da1331d&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1CyvhochUB5hW5rCOl4UV_JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kepp1u19tp6pj
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	We’re looking for extremely talented, passionate and resourceful a Software Engineer – PHP that want to join a collaborative, humorous and hard-working team of developers that really believe in what they’re building – someone who loves the thrill of working with an awesome startup where they can build systems that are so good they want to brag about them! Responsibilities for Software Engineer – PHP Building out next generation e-commerce platforms and systems Analyzing application performance Identifying and resolving application and database bottlenecks Writing SQL queries and data modelling for real time reporting Skills &amp; Requirements for Software Engineer – PHP Gotta Have Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science/Engineering preferred or combined equivalent of education and/or experience 5+ years of experience developing database driven web applications, and solid experience in the latest web technologies, including PHP 5.x, MySQL, XML, CSS3, JSON and JQuery 3+ years of OOP/MVC PHP programming 2+ years developing test driven code using tools such as (PHPUnit, Jenkins, etc) Solid experience working within LAMP environment Experience in developing database driven web applications, combining back-end database with frontend integration. Hope you Have Experience with Zend Framework Experience developing web services A passion for learning and experimentation. While our core is PHP, we like to use the tool for the job. Want to build a subsystem with Redis, Gearman, NodeJS, or StatsD? Go for it! A strong portfolio of web-oriented projects.* Guru Skills Amazing “can-do” attitude Tireless energy &amp; motivation Able to leap from one activity to the next – without breaking a sweat! Able to “go with the flow” – very zen! 	Software Engineer – PHP (160K)	Smith & Keller	New York	NY	New York, NY	Smith & Keller	Tue, 15 Sep 2015 10:03:41 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=1de28a5c2501975c&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1CyvhochUB5hW5rCOl4UV_JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kepp1u19tp6pj
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	In a time where people are canceling their cable TV subscriptions in favor of online streaming media, there's a NYC technology startup responsible for over 94 billion plays and over 4 billion hours of streaming video watched last year. Their video player is currently deployed on over 2 million web properties and streams nearly 5% of all internet video. They recently created a mobile streaming platform and are looking for an Android Engineer to take ownership of developing their Android SDK. Your work will enable native app developers to build streaming video functionality into their apps. This company's product is the third most used streaming video player (only behind YouTube and Facebook) so your work will be immediately deployed to a massive audience. Requirements: 2+ years of Android app or SDK development experience Knowledge of some of the following: Java, Python, JavaScript, HTML, Git, Jenkins, C++ BS, MS, or PHD in Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics, or a related field of study 	Android Software Engineer - Streaming Video SDK	HiringCatalyst	New York	NY	New York, NY	Breezy HR	Mon, 02 Nov 2015 19:53:20 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=61cc7e60fbded611&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1CyvhochUB5hW5rCOl4UV_JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kepp1u19tp6pj
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Job Title: Senior Software Engineer - API - Scala, AKKA, Play Job Location: New York Job Type: Full Time Job Description: Company is hiring Software Engineers to help us innovate in the way we develop our industry-leading communications monitoring and analytics service platform for the financial industry. Organization Vault is a startup within the company Enterprise group. Their infrastructure processes over 250 million messages per day and our archive manages over 80 billion communications objects ranging from e-mail to voice recordings. They believe in building the best cloud-services for our customers using the best tools for the job and They’re looking for developers who want to have an impact in the financial industry. We are using open source technologies including: Java, Scala, Play Framework, Accumulo, Hadoop, jQuery, Docker IO. Must have: A hands-on problem solver with excellent software design and implementation skills using scalable REST web services in Scala/Java (7,8) using Akka/Play. Solid experience with OO driven development and frameworks similar to Play Solid experience working with HTML5, AJAX, CSS and front-end technologies Experience as component owner making significant contributions to code, architecture, performance, robustness and reliability. A self-starter who brings energy, passion and creativity to work every day. Desired Skills: BA/BS in Computer Science, related degree, or strong comparable experience. 5+ years of professional software development experience. Experience developing modern enterprise or REST applications using languages like Scala/Java/Python etc. Knowledge of RDBMs like MySQL, data modeling, SQL tuning and optimization Familiarity with NoSQL data stores like Accumulo, Solr, Redis or Memcache 	Senior Software Engineer - API - Scala, AKKA, Play	MSH Group	New York	NY	New York, NY	MSH Group	Thu, 17 Sep 2015 05:22:05 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=0d542e319af83aed&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1CyvhochUB5hW5rCOl4UV_JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kepp1u19tp6pj
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	The Senior Software Engineer will be accountable for leading a small team as well as developing and maintaining key modules of the V12 Group's suite of SaaS applications. The Engineer will be working on a variety of applications and next generation products as well as working on a team of top developers with cutting edge technologies. Responsibilities • Design, develop and modify modules based on functional and system requirements • Work closely with Product Owner for understanding the functional and system requirements • Provide feedback during design and code peer reviews • Adhere to software team's established processes and tools • Participate in sprint planning and estimating • Contribute ideas for process improvement, including coding practices, standards and tools • Work closely with Software Engineers to ensure architectural integrity and product quality • Mentor junior engineers in development methodologies and best practices • Engage in continuous self-improvement of technical and communications skills • Solid understanding of OOP/OOD Principles • Participate in testing process through unit testing and bug fixes • Strong ability to debug code quickly and efficiently • Maintain awareness of deadlines and priorities • All other duties as assigned Skills &amp; Requirements Position Requirements Formal Education &amp; Certification • BS/BA degree in Computer Science, Information Systems or related field Like to Haves • 4-6+ years in a working environment • Experience leading a team • HTML5 / CSS3 / JavaScript • JQuery / knockoutjs / AngularJS • C# • ASP.NET MVC • Basic Design Patterns (Factory, Repository, Singleton, UnitOfWork, Dependency Injection) • Team leadership/Scrum Master • Experience organizing and coordinating programming tasks assigned to other Software Engineers • Experience monitoring project status, technical leadership, mentoring and providing insight within the Software Engineering department Other valuable skills • ADO.NET / ORM: Entity Framework, NHibernate • SQL Server Databases (SQL Queries, Stored Procedures, Database Triggers) • Agile/Scrum methodologies • Familiarity building multithreaded applications • Experience with modern Internet APIs, protocols, and patterns including REST, JSON, XML • WCF, WebAPI 2, Web Services (REST, SOAP) • Embrace a test-driven development (TDD) approach, leveraging unit test tools such as JUnit and NUnit (BTT nice to have) Personal Attributes • Experience at working both independently and in a team-oriented, collaborative environment is essential • Analytical and problem-solving capabilities • Strong attention to detail and ability to multi-task • Ability to work under tight project deadlines About V12 Group If you’re looking for a company where you can work hard, have fun, get inspired, and be well compensated then we’re looking for you. V12 Group is proof that you don’t have to choose between the inflexibility of corporate culture and the uncertainty of a startup. Enjoy a comprehensive benefits package, generous vacation time, and a highly competitive salary all in an environment that promotes creativity and innovation. Headquartered in Red Bank, NJ, V12 Group is a two-time honoree of NJBIZ’s Best Places to Work in New Jersey. Since 2002, V12 Group has been providing customers, clients, and users of Launchpad, our marketing cloud, with leading technology, quality data, and an unparalleled customer experience. You don’t have to travel to Silicon Valley to join a leading technology company; you just have to apply. Contact us today to learn more about V12 Group, our team, and your future. Check out our corporate site at: http://www.v12groupinc.com/ As well as our Launchpad Marketing Cloud at: https://launchpadcloud.com/ \	Senior Software Engineer/Marketing-Technology company with latest technologies!	V12 Group	Red Bank	NJ	Red Bank, NJ	StackOverflow Jobs	Thu, 29 Oct 2015 20:48:03 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=bd5b20bfc29b3c90&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1CyvhochUB5hW5rCOl4UV_JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kepp1u19tp6pj
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	DESCRIPTION: Catchpoint Systems is in need of a Back-End Software Engineer who will play an essential role in developing our data analytics platform, which is a distributed, multi-threaded, fault tolerant system. The Engineer will often work with and enhance our custom NoSQL DB, which is used for populating, aggregating, and extracting very large data, to be used by our clients for reporting &amp; alerting. EXPERIENCE: 3+ years of experience in either C#, C++, or Java 3+ years of experience in writing multi-threaded applications and services Big Data Processing Deep understanding of SQL, and design patterns Building and maintaining unit/functional/integration tests Writing client server applications Familiarity with: Developing and integrating with WCF and/or other Webservice frameworks Understanding of .NET Frameworks Addressing and Troubleshooting network issues Database management LINQ REQUIREMENTS: BS or MS degree in Computer Science or related major COMPENSATION: We offer great benefits along with a stable and professional work environment, health insurance, and stock options. OVERVIEW: Catchpoint Systems offers wide-ranging and easy-to-use web monitoring tools that allow businesses to discover and fix problems with their websites before they impact end users, ultimately saving revenue and time, and preserving their brand in the eyes of consumers. Using Catchpoint’s customizable dashboards, analytics capabilities, and innovative alerting system, DevOps professionals can rest easy knowing that their synthetic monitoring needs are taken care of, and that their sites’ speed, availability, and reliability are maximized. At the same time, Catchpoint’s Real User Measurement solution ensures that the sites’ critical conversion paths are optimized to the fullest extent. Over 250 clients, including major brands such as Comcast, LinkedIn, Overstock, TripAdvisor, Wayfair, Priceline, and more have realized the benefit of Catchpoint as a third party monitoring solution. The key to our value is the end-to-end visibility of the complete user experience that our clients are able to access. With 12 different monitor types, including browser, DNS, API, SSH, transaction, network path, and a number of others, Catchpoint users can synthetically monitor from 400+ locations around the world, getting real-time analytics across a broad variety of functionalities that make up their sites.	Software Engineer (Data Platform)	Catchpoint Systems	New York	NY	New York, NY	Catchpoint Systems	Mon, 03 Aug 2015 06:20:16 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=4e862e4420804738&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1CyvhochUB5hW5rCOl4UV_JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kepp1u19tp6pj
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Quidsi Inc., is a subsidiary of Amazon and entrepreneurial parent company to Diapers.com, Soap.com, BeautyBar.com, Wag.com, Yoyo.com, Look.com, Afterschool.com, Casa.com and Vinemarket.com. We are a mom-centric retail technology company. We deliver delightful experiences, products, and expertise by offering a curated selection of products, lightning-fast delivery, incredible customer service, and an easy-to-navigate shopping experience. Quidsi’s sites are host to millions of daily visitors and our warehouses are run by hundreds of autonomous Kiva robots. Our entire operation from our websites/apps, to our fulfillment centers and customer care center is focused on creating an enjoyable end-to-end customer experience. To get there, we need exceptionally talented, bright and driven people who are energized by "what if" (the meaning of Quidsi in Latin). If you'd like to help us build the place where people can find and buy anything online, come and innovate with us! We are building a high caliber technology team consisting of the brightest minds who raise the bar and enjoy being vigorously challenged. The ideal candidate is passionate about design and architecture with an unwavering commitment to code quality. The Senior Software Development Engineer is an idea generator who offers innovative solutions through a combination of creative thinking and deep understanding of the problem space. Projects will leverage Amazon’s technological capabilities and platforms to make Quidsi’s solutions compelling, unique and sustainable. Responsibilities : · Propose, prototype and evaluate multiple areas of optimization for our e-commerce applications and mobile-optimized sites · Build high availability/ high reliability software on time · Construct secure, scalable, and low-latency services and mobile applications · Provide hands-on code contribution and shipping responsibility - libraries, API's, documentation · Partner with Marketing, Merchandising and other business stakeholders to define functional solutions for business problems Basic Qualifications · Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or a related field or corresponding experience equaling 4 year degree · 5+ years experience in at least one of the following modern programming languages: Java, C#, C++, Python, Ruby, Scala, Groovy or any other modern non-scripting language · Minimum of 2 years of web applications/services experience Preferred Qualifications · Building highly-available distributed systems on a cloud infrastructure (e.g. AWS) · Delivering low-latency, consumer-internet-scale web services · Experience working with, or an interest in Agile Methodologies, such as Extreme Programming (XP) and Scrum · Strong OO skills, Computer Science fundamentals in data structures and algorithm design · Training and mentoring the engineering community on complex technical issues · Managing expectations, meeting firm deadlines and thriving in a dynamic work environment · Problem solving and complexity analysis · Strong verbal and written communication skills · Maintaining a sense of humor Quidsi Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer-Affirmative Action Employer Female/Minority/Disability/Vet .tch1.qds.crp.	Lead Software Development Engineer – Quidsi, Amazon Subsidiary	Quidsi, Inc.	Jersey City	NJ	Jersey City, NJ	Amazon.com	Fri, 14 Aug 2015 05:17:09 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=102593e6fa6a8039&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1CyvhochUB5hW5rCOl4UV_JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kepp1u19tp6pj
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Crestron is the world's leading manufacturer of advanced control and automation systems, innovating technology and reinventing the way people live and work. Offering integrated solutions to control audio, video, computer, IP and environmental systems, Crestron streamlines technology, improving the quality of life for people in corporate boardrooms, conference rooms, classrooms, auditoriums, and in their homes. Crestron's software test team is seeking a talented and self-motivated engineer with software and/or software testing experience in a hardware environment who can apply his/her expertise to testing our software products in order to assure quality and stability prior to deployment. Responsibilities: Formulate test strategies for new and existing software products Design, develop and update test plans and test cases as needed Execute test plans, report results and create problem reports when applicable Position Requirements: BS in Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering or Computer Science Minimum of 3 years of software and/or software testing experience within a hardware environment Strong troubleshooting and debugging skills Able to multi-task effectively Methodical and detail-oriented Able to work independently as well as within a team Excellent verbal and written communication skills Must be able to work in the U.S. without sponsorship Preferred: System level testing experience Crestron knowledge Skills and Education Requirements: BS in Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering or Computer Science Minimum of 3 years of software and/or software testing experience within a hardware environment Strong troubleshooting and debugging skills Able to multi-task effectively Methodical and detail-oriented Able to work independently as well as within a team Excellent verbal and written communication skills 	Software Quality Engineer	Crestron Electronics	Rockleigh	NJ	Rockleigh, NJ	Crestron Electronics	Tue, 25 Aug 2015 00:11:26 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=d44c0739efedd046&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1CyvhochUB5hW5rCOl4UV_JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kepp1u19tp6pj
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Crestron is the world's leading manufacturer of advanced control and automation systems, innovating technology and reinventing the way people live and work. Offering integrated solutions to control audio, video, computer, IP and environmental systems, Crestron streamlines technology, improving the quality of life for people in corporate boardrooms, conference rooms, classrooms, auditoriums, and in their homes. Crestron's software test team is seeking a talented and self-motivated engineer with software and/or software testing experience in a hardware environment who can apply his/her expertise to testing our software products in order to assure quality and stability prior to deployment. Responsibilities: Formulate test strategies for new and existing software products Design, develop and update test plans and test cases as needed Execute test plans, report results and create problem reports when applicable Position Requirements: BS in Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering or Computer Science Minimum of 3 years of software and/or software testing experience within a hardware environment Strong troubleshooting and debugging skills Able to multi-task effectively Methodical and detail-oriented Able to work independently as well as within a team Excellent verbal and written communication skills Must be able to work in the U.S. without sponsorship Preferred: System level testing experience Crestron knowledge Skills and Education Requirements: BS in Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering or Computer Science Minimum of 3 years of software and/or software testing experience within a hardware environment Strong troubleshooting and debugging skills Able to multi-task effectively Methodical and detail-oriented Able to work independently as well as within a team Excellent verbal and written communication skills 	Software Quality Engineer	Crestron	Rockleigh	NJ	Rockleigh, NJ	Crestron	Mon, 24 Aug 2015 22:41:41 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=7078e88edbd09003&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1CyvhochUB5hW5rCOl4UV_JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kepp1u19tp6pj
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	We are looking for a skilled iOS Developer with a passion for building simple user interfaces on top of complex systems. The ideal candidate contributes not only to the code, but also to the entire product vision. Experience 6+ months experience with Swift. Experience with Swift on a project in the App Store or Enterprise project preferred. Ability to develop against a variety of web architectures and services (HTTP, SOAP, REST, etc.) Knowledge of scripting languages (Ruby, Perl, Python, BASH, etc.) Experience with C++, Java, Android SDK, and Swift Javascript experience with an MVC framework and Bower, NPM, Grunt Experience integrating web services and social platforms (XML, JSON, REST, OAuth, Facebook, Twitter, Foursquare, etc.) Experience at the user interface and application levels Experience with databases (SQL, Core Data, etc.) Experience with common iOS frameworks like AFNetworking a plus, Swift frameworks such AlamoFire and SnapKit a plus Qualifications Strong object-oriented programming and design skills Cocoa or Cocoa-Touch development experience Passion for product quality and attention to detail Excellent communication skills Performance analysis and tuning experience including memory usage, CPU utilization, leak checking, etc. Excellent debugging skills to solve challenging problems Bonus Experience implementing Notification services including Urban Airship Experience with Passbook generation and integration	Senior Software Engineer Mobile Platforms - iOS Developer	R/GA	New York	NY	New York, NY	R/GA	Thu, 13 Aug 2015 21:28:58 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=1da430c1649f16af&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1CyvhochUB5hW5rCOl4UV_JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kepp1u19tp6pj
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Our Software Engineers are extraordinarily passionate and driven by technology. We thrive on designing simple and scalable solutions to complex problems and delivering leading edge software products for our customers. At Dealertrack technologies we are looking for exceptionally ambitious and communicative hands-on individuals who are comfortable working in fast-paced environments and who have passion and skills to take our product offering to the next level. Job Overview: As a Senior Software Engineer, you will work in a collaborative team environment that encourages you to perform at your best, and challenges you to engineer elegant solutions for complex business problems. You will architect, design and develop robust software systems with unit and systems testing. You will need to be able to quickly learn and use new technologies, troubleshoot difficult problems and be an expert with the software lifecycle including scoping and estimation of requirements along with writing of technical documentation. Technology we use: Github Enterprise, Continuous Integration, Jenkins, Python, Django, Celery, Django Rest Framework, SQLAlchemy, Redis, MongoDB and vagrant. We make use of modern processes and technologies wherever possible, including Github Pull Requests for code review, continuous deployment to our test environments, strict adherence to best practices, recommended code style and layout (PEP-8) and a strong drive around unit testing all our code. This gives us the confidence and ability to make significant refactoring changes across a large codebase quickly, without fear of having broken some code somewhere else. Responsibilities: •Coding of SaaS applications in an Agile development environment •Developing automated tests, predicting areas of risk, and coordinating with our QA staff to achieve the best blend of error prevention and error detection possible •Collaborate with other developers on best practices, code reviews, internal tools and process improvements •Guide, coach and mentor team members as required, assisting in the team’s skills development during software development projects •Ability to work independently; designing, developing and deploying solutions, and to deliver projects on time with minimal direction Skills and Experience: BA/BS degree in Computer Science or related field At least 7+ years of Web development experience Strong Python development skills Proven track record designing and implementing web applications with highly optimized and scalable architectures. Experience with Django Solid understanding of web services and message passing architecture Knowledge of jBoss or other Java Application Servers Experience developing in a Linux environment Ability and desire to learn new skills and technologies Ability to work independently; designing, developing and deploying solutions, and to deliver projects on time with minimal direction Excellent verbal and written communication skills Proficiency in object oriented design and development Experience using source control (Git, Mercurial), IDEs, and defect tracking tools Experience developing in a Linux environment Ability and desire to learn new skills and technologies Ability to work independently; designing, developing and deploying solutions, and to deliver projects on time with minimal direction Excellent verbal and written communication skills Proficiency in object oriented design and development Experience using source control (Git, Mercurial), IDEs, and defect tracking tools DealerTrack Company Culture: Dealertrack is a dynamic, innovative technology company that revolutionized the automotive retail industry with the first online finance and credit application network in 2001. Our state-of-the-art, web-based solutions are embraced by all major segments of the automotive retailing trade including dealers, financing sources, original equipment manufacturers (OEMs), third-party retailers, agents and aftermarket providers, fueling our tremendous growth. At Dealertrack we believe that our uncompromising technology and services are powered by the collaboration of our talented staff, join us in taking our product offerings to the next level. To view all of our open positions go to www.dealertrack.com/portal/careers-home and follow us on twitter @DT_Careers to get the latest updates on new opportunities.	Principal Software Engineer - Python	Dealertrack Technologies, Inc.	Lake Success	NY	Lake Success, NY	Dealertrack	Wed, 02 Sep 2015 23:44:00 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=65c63ab2e0a984a7&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXbzlUXXGXB-wBba4UkGH96x3ZPGGlllBpSBmITXS5q23JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kepurs19sj071
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Location: New York, NY Job Description We are looking for an experienced and professional Software Engineer to join our growing team. If you meet our background requirements and have a desire to work for a great company that takes care of its employees, this Software Engineer may be the ideal opportunity for you! MTS 2 Software Engineer Job Responsibilities Write high-quality, high-performance, maintainable full stack code for our Java/Java EE based product Participate as technical lead in the full Software Development Life Cycle (Agile/Scrum), iterative development, estimations and design sessions Lead architecture discussions in planning stage on architectural design of projects. Own product design by facilitating design reviews and staying abreast of design standards and incorporate into product design. Work closely with Product Managers, Software Engineers, Operations, and Quality Assurance Engineers in a collaborative environment to provide quality software and solutions. Partner with Product Manager to influence product future Maintain and champion our engineering culture: perform design and code review, introduce new tools and methods, give "brown bag" presentations, etc. MTS 2 Software Engineer Job Requirements Education: BSCS or BSEE or Other Related 4yr Technical Degree 2+ to 5 years' experience Minimum Education - Bachelor's Degree MTS 2 Software Engineer Benefits Our hires are treated to competitive pay and an excellent benefits package. To learn more about pay and benefits, please apply today! MTS 2 Software Engineer Company Overview The JAG Group is dedicated to provide effective medical staffing solutions for healthcare organizations and in offering practice opportunities and alternatives for the healthcare professionals we serve. The JAG Group is a member of NAPS (National Association of Personnel Services) and GAPS (Georgia Association of Personnel Services). Matching qualified healthcare professionals with medical practices and hospitals across the USA in need of healthcare employment is what we do best! Derrick Green The JAG Group www.thejaggroup.com jobs@thejaggroup.com 404-874-3624 direct 877-843-5244, Ext 24 678-904-7808 fax	MTS 2 Software Engineer	The Jag Group	New York	NY	New York, NY	The JAG Group	Sun, 13 Sep 2015 09:23:00 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=d3c47cd25b53e6b6&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXbzlUXXGXB-wBba4UkGH96x3ZPGGlllBpSBmITXS5q23JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kepurs19sj071
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Job Requirements Looking for Full Stack Software Engineers with excellent coding skills and an Ad Tech background to help build a native advertising platform Strong experience with REST architecture/ development and full stack Java development. Relocation Assistance Available - Possible for ideal candidate Please submit your resume for consideration only if you meet requirements and qualifications. PLEASE SEND RESUME TO: aparker@snelling-atlanta.com	MTS 2, Software Engineer -NY0914	Snelling - Lilburn	New York	NY	New York, NY	Snelling Staffing Services	Mon, 14 Sep 2015 17:07:53 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=cad0bc178b13369f&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXbzlUXXGXB-wBba4UkGH96x3ZPGGlllBpSBmITXS5q23JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kepurs19sj071
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	· Master’s and/or Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering or equivalent. · 5+ years of professional experience developing user facing apps in Objective-C/Swift for iOS and Java/C for Android. · Experience with AVFoundation, CoreGraphics, CoreMedia, MediaPlayer &amp; UIKit frameworks in iOS · Experience with XCode to build apps for iOS and OS X and used Instruments to find memory leaks, optimize your apps. · Great experience with Data Structures and Algorithms. · You have built apps for multiple form factors (iPhone 4, iPhone 6, 6+, iPad Air etc) from an idea and have launched them on the AppStore. · Solid experience with Android and enjoy writing apps for Android Phones and tablets. · Experience withAndroid Activity LifeCycle and have used Fragments. · Experience building apps that use JNI (Java Native Interface) and have a deep understanding about Java memory management and garbage collection in Android. · You can write readable, maintainable, performant object-oriented Java Email resume in Word to JeffAltman@TheBigGameHunter.us. Please include the job code for the position with your resume. NOTE: WE WILL ONLY RESPOND IF YOUR RESUME APPEARS TO FIT A ROLE NO PAID RELOCATION. NO OVERSEAS RESUMES. NO 3RD PARTIES. Applicants for employment in the US must possess work authorization which does not require sponsorship from the employer for a visa. To receive a complimentary subscription to my job search ezine, No B.S. Job Search Advice, go to www.TheBigGameHunter.usto subscribe. Listen to "Job Search Radio" on WebTalkRadio.net or in iTunes and other podcast directories. Want to ask me questions via phone, Skype or Facetime? Have your job search questions answered. The Big Game Hunter is a professional search firm and coaching service that helps people find superior opportunities and firms locate superior talent. In addition, we generate an extraordinary amount of information to help job hunters, recruiting professionals and hiring managers be more effective. Visit http://www.TheBigGameHunter.us	Senior Mobile Software Engineer	The Big Game Hunter	Hackensack	NJ	Hackensack, NJ	The Big Game Hunter	Tue, 20 Oct 2015 05:07:53 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=caa2bfafd6ea984e&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXbzlUXXGXB-wBba4UkGH96x3ZPGGlllBpSBmITXS5q23JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kepurs19sj071
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Job Title: Senior Software Engineer, Android Discipline: Software Engineering Reports to: Director of Engineering, Mobile Apps Location: Seattle, WA or New York, NY Job Profile: Build rich, dynamic, cross-platform native mobile applications for Android and iOS devices. Work hand-in-hand with the design team to implement interfaces that look beautiful and adapt dynamically to all form factors. Architect complex UI interactions that push the boundaries of multi-touch interfaces. Implement animations and transitions that make experiences on mobile phones and tablets come to life. Establish infrastructure and practices for code reuse across development environments. Responsibilities: Execute on a software architecture and development plan to implement new features and products Write code to tackle challenging technical problems with a focus on readability, maintainability, performance, and quality Propose novel solutions to design and technical challenges Communicate effectively with your team and other product disciplines, raising issues early and offering solutions Develop all software according to coding standards and processes Perform reviews of other engineers’ code, designs, and architectures Make use of unit and integration tests wherever possible Mentor junior engineers Participate in the interview process for new team members Invent technology and infrastructure to share complex or platform agnostic software components across development ecosystems Advise other engineers, designers, and management on mobile application development for Android devices Requirements: BS degree in Computer Science or related field, or equivalent practical experience 4+ years of relevant work experience A solid foundation in computer science, with strong competencies in data structures, algorithms, and software design An extensive knowledge of Android application development, having developed and deployed at least one commercial Android application through the Google Play store Proven, self-motivated engineer with a track record of creating production-quality mobile applications Posses a strong passion for building custom user experiences Able to work effectively in a cross-disciplinary environment, particularly with designers Able to create a development plan for a given feature set, estimate its tasks, and execute on those tasks in an efficient manner Working knowledge of the iOS development platform is a plus Expert in C++, Objective-C, or Java Proficient with Git or similar revision control systems We Offer: Medical, Dental, Vision, 401(K) Life Insurance Commuter Benefits Corporate discounts through AnyPerk Catered in-office lunches twice weekly and fully stocked pantry Flexible Time Off Policy Employee Equity Program 	Sr Software Engineer, Android	FiftyThree	New York	NY	New York, NY	FiftyThree	Sun, 16 Aug 2015 21:48:28 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=5dfb38c6d0c7c9e9&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXbzlUXXGXB-wBba4UkGH96x3ZPGGlllBpSBmITXS5q23JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kepurs19sj071
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Immediate need for Sr.Dot Net Developer Polaris Full time - Work Permit Green Card USAH1B Transfer End Customer - Banking Finanacial Client Excellent written oral communication skill. These will be needed to participate in weekly daily monthly calls with On-site customer managers. Passion for learning and rapid iteration Handle multiple assignments simultaneously Flexible and dedicated to work with distributed teams Should be willing to learn, scale-up and take individual responsibility to completion Should be flexible and be ready to work on different technologies as required by the business. Some of the applications and its related technologies might be legacy. Should have exposure in SDLC life cycle. With practical knowledge of how each of these development phases get executed. Preferably should have worked on at least one major project implementation. Knowledge of distributed working environment including 3-tiered and n-tiered architecture is needed. end Client is highly distributed process driven environment. Previous experience in working with major banks or distributed business implementations will add value There will be distributed vendor technology teams involved and the team member should be able to work along with them in coordinating and implementing deliverable additional skills Jquery, Javascript, Ajax, XSLT , Stylesheet Immediate need for Sr.Dot Net Developer Polaris Full time - Green Card /USA/H1B Transfer 84+ Months of experience in Dotnet, C# ,ASP.NET , SQL Server, SSIS and BI Skills	Senior Software Engineer	Polaris Software Lab Inc	Piscataway	NJ	Piscataway, NJ	Dice	Thu, 15 Oct 2015 03:00:41 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=90b60773c40a7d12&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXbzlUXXGXB-wBba4UkGH96x3ZPGGlllBpSBmITXS5q23JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kepurs19sj071
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Description BD (Becton, Dickinson and Company), a leading global medical technology company, is seeking a senior principal software engineer to oversee all aspects of design, architecture, and development of web-based services for BD’s healthcare IT projects. They assume the technical leadership of entire projects and champion technical and architectural excellence. This candidate will have a passion for building robust, well-architected solutions and takes scalability and maintainability very seriously. The candidate should be passionate about great software, and enjoy the details involved with the long-term outlook of technology strategy. The position is an exciting opportunity to make a meaningful, positive impact on patients throughout world by leveraging the cutting edge technologies. This role offers competitive relocation compensation and the opportunity for partial remote work. Duties and Responsibilities: Supervise and lead the activities of an agile software development team Plan, architect and implement full stack front and backend applications in a high-volume environment on Microsoft and related technologies (.NET, C#, MVC, WebAPI, IIS, SQL Server, Azure, and JavaScript) Champion technical and architectural excellence; Ensure correct technology choices and champion exceptionally high standards in terms of adherence to best practices; Lead by example in terms of code consistency, performance, robustness, intuitive APIs, all of which are core tenets for solutions Implement modern DevOps processes for continuous software delivery Set and enforce development standards and practices throughout the organization Collaborate and provide technical and design guidance and suggestions within the team and department Guide and mentor; perform peer code reviews and architectural reviews Assume technical ownership of entire projects, feature sets and modules without needing daily oversight Oversee and monitor projects and initiatives for technical and architectural soundness Perform discovery and estimation of epics, stories and tasks in Scrum projects Qualifications Bachelor's or Master's degree in Computer Science or related field 5+ years of professional experience in software engineering 2 yrs of C#, ASP.NET, MVC, WebAPI Proficiency with multi-tiered, web/cloud architectures A strong computer science background and solid experience with object oriented design and programming A passion for writing polished, well-architected code Well versed in web, backend and database software development principles Experience in agile software development teams Intimate familiarity with patterns and practices of the Microsoft web technology stack Implementing and deploying web applications in IIS Database programming and relational schema design for SQL Server Familiarity with Microsoft Azure Job Other Primary Location US-New Jersey-Franklin Lakes Shift First Shift / Day Job Relocation Available No	Senior Principal Software Engineer	Becton Dickinson & Company	Franklin Lakes	NJ	Franklin Lakes, NJ	Becton Dickinson	Thu, 03 Sep 2015 15:30:26 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=e20d4e4c73e6d84a&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXbzlUXXGXB-wBba4UkGH96x3ZPGGlllBpSBmITXS5q23JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kepurs19sj071
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Smith &amp; Keller is currently seeking a Software Implementation Engineer to come grow with us in a dynamic and challenging environment to join our team. The team is comprised of talented, creative and dedicated individuals with a passion for delivering innovative solutions to the market. Our client recognizes that every employee’s contributions are integral to the company’s growth and success. To find and acquire the best and brightest talent around the globe, we offer a challenging work environment, competitive compensation and benefits, and rewarding career opportunities. The Software Implementation Engineer will be part of a team performing implementations to thier clients working with financial and banking software. There is coding involved, however this is not building a new product. Each project is somewhat unique – each client environment, processing solution we integrate with and business model is different. This company only looks for the brightest and best! Responsibilities for the Software Implementation Engineer: Develop, enhance, test and implement solutions for the financial services industry Qualifications for the Software Implementation Engineer: Databases: SQL or Data Warehousing, ETL, OLAP Operating systems: Windows and Linux Programming language: Java OR C++, Javascript Web Technologies: HTML, XML, XSL, Servlets Excellent communication skills Excellent written and spoken English Pro-active and Team Oriented approach BS degree in Computer Science or related field Travel required 25% Occasional night/weekend work to move to production Experience for the Software Implementation Engineer: 2+ years experience with a Software Company 	Software Implementation Engineer – SQL	Smith & Keller	New York	NY	New York, NY	Smith & Keller	Tue, 15 Sep 2015 10:03:42 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=b8d2c66251ed654f&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXbzlUXXGXB-wBba4UkGH96x3ZPGGlllBpSBmITXS5q23JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kepurs19sj071
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Date: Immediate Location: New York, NY Type: FTE (Full Time Employee) JOB DESCRIPTION Symphony is looking for a senior-level, server-side Java software engineer to support its exponential growth. As a Symphony Backend Engineer, you'll be designing and implementing the cloud-based server-side logic for our secure communications platform. Working closely with Symphony’s industry partners and large financial clients, you will help design and integrate external platforms with Symphony’s enterprise-class, secure, end-to-end encrypted messaging application. Our engineers design and implement utilizing open source stacks (e.g. hbase, kafka, solr), extreme scaling within the cloud, and encryption in transit/at rest. This role is for a strong hands-on software engineer who also has outstanding communications skills. The successful candidate will be ready for a role that includes both directly contributing to the development of Symphony’s platform integration interfaces, and has the strong relationship management and communications skills to work directly with outside organizations to help create a complete technical solution. Why you are needed now: Symphony is a secure messaging startup backed by an array of the world’s leading financial institutions. Our clients and industry partners aim to create rich integrations with the Symphony front-end: Huge customer and industry demand for connections with 3rd party content and integration, and connections to enterprise applications Each one of these features needs to be maintainable, secure, and scalable to a large number of partner integrations Symphony is designed as an open platform which enables widespread integration. Platform integration is core to our product strategy. The problems you will be solving: Provide sophisticated back-end integration hooks to deliver hooks into Symphony’s core messaging platform, supporting integration with secure message “bots,” content and trading platform information feeds, and other server-side applications. Our clients are large, sophisticated global enterprises who seek to integrate Symphony in a complex fashion with their internal systems. Our partners include many application and content providers. Handling these complex stakeholders and delivering a strategic solution is the core of this challenging and crucial role. RESPONSIBILITIES Participate in development of Symphony's Server / Backend Development Work with clients and industry partners to explain how our interfaces work and assist in integrating with Symphony at both an architectural and code level Design, implement and test highly scalable, multi-tier, distributed server software applications Design and implement distributed and highly concurrent Java based enterprise services Create maintainable and scalable features fit for use by demanding enterprise clients QUALIFICATIONS Outstanding technical communications skills and stakeholder management 10+ years experience in a Java server-side software design and development Solid background in fundamentals of computer science and development process Experience developing high quality centralized server based apps Experience with open source frameworks and tools BS or MS degree in Computer Science or a related technical field DESIRED BUT NOT REQUIRED NoSQL and SQL databases Experience deploying server applications on Google App Engine (GAE), Google Compute Engine GCE and Amazon Web Service (AWS) Experience with any of the following: Kafka, Solr, Tomcat, HBase and Hadoop, ZooKeeper, Mongo, Camel Master’s Degree, and Machine learning exposure are a plus Experience with communication and messaging applications Experience with security software and solutions Experience designing and implementing scalable, high performance, server side Java applications Experience with distributed systems, persistence, caching, concurrent programming ABOUT SYMPHONY'S TECHNOLOGY STACK We selected Apache Kafka, Apache Solr, MongoDB and HBase due to their superior distributed nature, performance, reliability, and ability to scale to the volume of data generated by the expected workload. We built out the ReSTFUL web services layer in a stateless manner using Apache Tomcat, meaning capacity could be added linearly, by simply adding more boxes behind the load balancer. The client front end was conceived as a web client that could be delivered on any device, any operating system, anywhere in the world. To build it, we chose HTML5/CSS3, with JQuery, Backbone and Handlebars doing the bulk of the heavy lifting. Symphony's front-end web application uses the modular pattern made popular in CommonJS, which builds each component as a loosely coupled anonymous closure. The core of the JavaScript app handles request transport details, new message notifications and updates, configuration of the UI layout, and much more. These functions are abstracted behind a public sandbox and selectively bundled into modules when the components are loaded. This architecture helps Symphony add new components quickly and seamlessly because they are isolated from each other, and lets developers control exactly how much of the app needs to load—an architecture specifically designed for integration and customization. ABOUT SYMPHONY Designed for the exchange of high-value content, Symphony is a secure communication and workflow platform that improves workplace productivity and connects users to their professional and personal community. Symphony has attracted the world’s top financial institutions with a $66 million investment to develop a scalable, cloud-based and highly secure collaboration and communication platform that will address the enterprise and compliance requirements for the financial services industry. The Symphony platform is intended to be used by some of the most time-conscious firms on the planet who are regularly corresponding high-value information—where a delay of a few seconds can have significant cost implications. Symphony’s secure communication platform will be available to all financial institutions and professionals world-wide in mid-2015. Now we’re looking for top-notch engineers, programmers and marketers (etc.) to join our team in Palo Alto, CA and New York to help us change the way the world communicates. If you have the skills and savvy to work with a world-class team, and an appetite for game-changing disruption, we definitely want to hear from you. COMPENSATION Competitive Base Salary and Incentive (Stock Option) plan / Health/Dental/Vision/401k (We accept existing H1B Visa applicants) Symphony appreciates your interest in our company. Symphony is an Equal Opportunity Employer. SYMPHONY BENEFITS Competitive salary based on experience, skills, and qualifications Medical, Dental, and Vision coverage 401(K) Plan Life and AD&amp;D coverage Short Term and Long Term Disability coverage Employee Assistance Program Flexible Spending Account benefits Uncapped vacation and sick time Fully stocked kitchen and catered lunches Discounted gym memberships Many other fun and exciting benefits and activities! Symphony reserves the right of ownership for all unsolicited resumes submitted for this requisition and is not responsible for any fees associated with unsolicited resumes.	Senior Java Backend Software Engineer – Platform Integration	Symphony Communication Services, LLC	New York	NY	New York, NY	Symphony Communication Services, LLC	Mon, 03 Aug 2015 02:59:09 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=290bc98f9f30f088&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXbzlUXXGXB-wBba4UkGH96x3ZPGGlllBpSBmITXS5q23JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kepurs19sj071
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Software Engineer Manufacturer of complex electro-mechanical systems is in need of a talented Software Engineer to participate in all aspects of the design and maintenance of software for their high performance precision products. Full life-cycle software development; programming to include conceptual design, general coding, release to manufacturing testing, and quality assurance. Candidate needs to be able to produce final release software for manufacturing including associated documentation. Candidate needs to demonstrate the ability to use appropriate development tools, compliers, and simulation. Must be capable of working within a team environment to plan, organize, execute and thoroughly document complex system designs, including the ability to assist in developing technical solutions to customer specifications. Test and debug skills are necessary; must understand interoperability of hardware and software. Knowledge of and experience with Microsoft Visual Studio; C, C#, VB, and Windows programming (WIN32, .NET) are required. Knowledge of and experience with analog and digital design (motor drive, microcontrollers) are a plus. Must be able to manage and support multiple tasks on a consistent basis, while providing the highest level of service. Good verbal and writing skills are necessary. Primary Responsibilities • Candidate will participate in all aspects of the software design and invention of high performance precision hardware products. •Includes conceptual design, architecting, and programming. •Includes debugging, and system testing applications and modules in various software languages. •Creation and upkeep of company product documents. •Maintenance of current products and feature addition. •Coordinate multiple build activities internally with engineering projects. •Directing test engineers and technicians on specific projects. •Provide customer support in the factory and in the field. Job Requirements • BS Computer Engineering or BSEE and 3+ years applicable experience in Windows programming design preferred. •Strong knowledge of C, C#, and Microsoft (WIN32, .NET) are required. •Strong knowledge of Microsoft SQL •Strong knowledge of Communication : TCP/IP, Serial, USB •Strong Knowledge of software development tools. •Knowledge of design, development, test engineering, and manufacturing processes. •Knowledge of Front End graphical user interface design •Must be capable of working within a team to plan. •Must be capable of thoroughly documenting complex system designs. •Proven ability to assist in developing technical solutions to customer specifications. •Experience with testing and debugging; in lab prototypes (initial bring up) and in field customer sites. •Ability to read hardware block diagrams, schematics, and wiring diagrams. •Knowledge of PCB schematic and layout tools a plus. •Basic computer skills, including Microsoft suite; Outlook, Word, Excel, etc... •Good verbal and writing skills are necessary. •Must be a US Citizen or Green Card holder Apply For This Job: Email your resume to Info@IntegralStaff.com referencing the Job ID in the title above. Thank You.	Software Engineer	Integral Staffing	Ramsey	NJ	Ramsey, NJ	Integral Staffing	Thu, 01 Oct 2015 22:44:17 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=1d42aa73823cdcd1&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXbzlUXXGXB-wBba4UkGH96x3ZPGGlllBpSBmITXS5q23JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kepurs19sj071
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	iHeartRadio, iHeartMedia’s free digital radio service, is the No. 1 all-in-one digital audio service with over 600 million downloads; it reached its first 20 million registered users faster than any digital service in Internet history and reached 70 million users faster than any digital music service and even faster than Twitter, Facebook and Pinterest. The company’s operations include radio broadcasting, online, mobile, digital and social media, live concerts and events, syndication, music research services and independent media representation. iHeartRadio is looking for several Test Engineers who believe deeply in Continuous Integration and Deployment and have extensive background working in fast-paced, agile environments. As a Test Engineer, you will be embedded directly into our product teams and will work alongside existing Software Engineers to help build and expand our suite of automation tools and frameworks. If you have a passion for bringing push button deployments with full testing and regression tools to life, including Selenium Webdriver, PhantomJS, Appium, and Java, and have rapid and high quality deployments as a minimum standard for your team, you will love this role. We take our testing seriously and we want Engineers to be autonomous, creative and most of all produce high quality software. Quality not only entails finding bugs, but also helping to commit code, including functional tests, measuring performance, latency and data consistency across our entire product portfolio. Responsibilities: Architect and create an Automation Framework using open source technologies Work directly on our product teams ensuring proper Functional and Regression test coverage using tools like Selenium Webdriver, PhantomJS, Appium, Java, JUnit, TestNG, XCTest and others Ensure that the testing and automation tools are wired into our Continuous Integration proc ess using tools like Jenkins Work with individual engineers to ensure that the different product teams have a high degree of focus on quality by working on strategies (and code) for Functional testing Execute any manual testing required to move product work through the agile sprints Ensure all testing includes a multi-platform approach by thinking about different browsers and devices where iHeartRadio products live Collaborate with Product Managers and Engineers on building out test strategies and plans Requirements: Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or equivalent 3+ Years experience in a Test Engineering role for both client or backend based products Extensive experience in writing automated tests using frameworks like Selenium Webdriver, Appium, Java, JUnit, TestNG, Git Experience testing HTML and Mobile interfaces manually and automated Strong understanding of basic protocols like HTTP iHeartMedia is an equal opportunity employer and will not tolerate discrimination in employment on the basis of race, color, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, religion, disability, ethnicity, national origin, marital status, protected veteran status, genetic information, or any other legally protected classification or status. Required Skills Required Experience	Software Engineer in Test	iHeartMedia, Inc.	New York	NY	New York, NY	iHeartMedia, Inc.	Sat, 01 Aug 2015 06:24:54 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=8727add57ce985a7&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXbzlUXXGXB-wBba4UkGH96x3ZPGGlllBpSBmITXS5q23JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kepurs19sj071
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	RESPONSIBILITIES: Kforce has a client has a client seeking a Junior Java Software Engineer 2 in Jersey City, New Jersey (NJ). This is a great opportunity for someone who has the desire to work with teams that are passionate about lean startup principles, innovation and creating amazing customer experiences. This is a company that is continuously recognized for its world-class products! Responsibilities: Responsible for design, evaluation and implementation of innovative software components for a large scale, fault tolerant and distributed software platform Help the client to implement their next generation audio platform delivering leading edge audio quality to customers using collaboration software as well as the stand-alone audio conferencing service Apply skills and experience in an agile/scrum environment, working closely with developers, designers, and product managers Work on cutting edge, cloud based, Software-as-a-Service products for a major player in the software/tech industry Work in an Agile Software development environment Work closely with Architect and Senior Engineers to design and implement a software solution in either Java or C++ (based on background) Work with the Quality Engineering Team to support product validation and deployment to LIVE environment Work with Scrum Master, Product Managers to understand and groom stories based on user requirements REQUIREMENTS: Experience in C++ or Java and one or more scripting languages (e.g., JavaScript, Python) Experience in UNIX programming Knowledge of Object-oriented Programming (OOP); including, modular design and development Knowledge of data structures, collections and algorithms and familiarity with Linux based systems Knowledge in Networking technologies and multi-threaded programming Knowledge of highly scalable, distributed fault tolerant systems Java background C++ background, knowledge with client-server systems, Internet communication protocols and real-time communication protocols (RTP, SIP/SDP, H.323) Self-Starter, quick learner and able to thrive in a culturally and technically diverse team environment Experience in Web development (e.g. MVC frameworks, Ajax Frameworks, Java, Spring, Hibernate, HTTP, XML, TCP/IP, JavaScript, JSP/Servlets) Experience designing and developing APIs and Web Services Understanding of databases, (e.g. NoSQL, SQL, schema design) 	Junior - Mid Core Java Software Engineer	Kforce	Jersey City	NJ	Jersey City, NJ	Kforce	Tue, 22 Sep 2015 19:43:30 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=07b2e1fdc1e75b75&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXbzlUXXGXB-wBba4UkGH96x3ZPGGlllBpSBmITXS5q23JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kepurs19sj071
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Design and code from specifications, analyzes, evaluates, tests, debugs, documents, and implements complex software apps - Uses coding methods in specific programming languages to initiate or enhance program execution and functionality - Under general direction, devises or modifies procedures to solve complex problems considering computer equipment capacity and limitations, operating time, and form of desired results - Competent to work at the highest technical level of all phases of applications programming activities - Monitor program execution for expected performance - Monitors systems capacity and performance, plans and executes disaster recovery procedures, and provides Tier 2 technical support. - Strong front-end performance tuning experience of web based applications (Java, J2EE, JavaScript, SPRING, HTML, XML, DHTML, WebServices, CSS, AJAX, SOA, EJB) - Strong analytical &amp; troubleshooting skills - Exposure to ATG platform is a plus. - Exposure to monitoring tools Wily and CEM is a plus. Requires a bachelor's degree in area of specialty and at least 4-8 years of experience in the field or in a related area Skill set Java. Work Experience 4+ Yrs Number of positions 1	Software Systems Engineer	RiVi Consulting Group	Township of Warren	NJ	Township of Warren, NJ	RiVi Consulting Group	Thu, 27 Aug 2015 23:39:44 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=da32e503891a7336&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXbzlUXXGXB-wBba4UkGH96x3ZPGGlllBpSBmITXS5q23JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kepurs19sj071
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Lead Software Engineer (.NET) Works within a scrum team to design and develop software products in the Microsoft .NET environment (C#, ASP.NET, SQL 2014, MVC). Lead Software Engineer (.NET) Essential Functions: Serve as technical team lead for a small, senior product development scrum team. Drive software architecture of next-generation .NET SaaS platform, including SQL Server 2014 data model, persistence layer, web-services based business tier, business rules engine, UI tier, and integration components. Establish and maintain best-practice development standards. Implement and maintain automated build and deployment scripts. Work with QA engineers to identify and correct defects found in testing. Support products in the field by working with customers and technical support representatives (light travel may be required). Support clients and internal users on new product releases and features. Skills Required: Top-notch .NET/MVC development skills (C#). Experience designing and developing multi-tenant SaaS products. Demonstrated leadership and mentoring experience. Excellent interpersonal skills and oral/written communication. Ability to handle challenging situations and multiple tasks simultaneously while performing within tight time constraints. Lead Software Engineer (.NET) Technical Skills: Minimum 10 years end-to-end web development experience. Minimum 5 years experience with the C# and web frameworks such as .NET MVC. Familiarity with other server-side language such as PHP (preferred) Java or Ruby. Familiarity with client-side technologies including but not limited to HTML, CSS and Javascript libraries such as JQuery. Experience with HTML5 and responsive web design preferred. Minimum 5 years experience with relational database design and development (SQL Server preferred). Experience working in agile programming environment. Education and Experience: Four-year college degree in Computer Science or a related field, or equivalent experience is required.	Lead Software Engineer (.NET)	Smith & Keller	New York	NY	New York, NY	Smith & Keller	Tue, 15 Sep 2015 10:04:33 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=6e0cdc78f06cc7e7&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXbzlUXXGXB-wBba4UkGH96x3ZPGGlllBpSBmITXS5q23JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kepurs19sj071
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	RESPONSIBILITIES: Kforce is seeking candidates for our client in Florham Park, New Jersey. This is a great opportunity to work in a R&amp;D lab environment. Our client is looking for candidates with a passion to solve tough challenges through innovation and the application of technology Responsibilities: In the lab, will be performing R&amp;D to: Create novel wireless communications and situational awareness systems using standards based and custom communications protocols. Create unique systems for use in air, land and maritime environments Employ advanced signal and protocol processing, channel modeling and waveform design from HF to W band and optical frequencies as well Join a fast-moving, high-performing multidisciplinary team with a record of success and opportunity for advancement You will develop advanced protocol processing and processing algorithms for unique applications. The programs are for applied research and technology in an advanced networking and communication organization Position Responsibilities: Apply and perform systems analysis, modeling and simulation of processing systems and demonstrate systems via simulated and/or real data input Perform functional analysis, performance analysis and synthesis of protocol implementations (including physical transmission convergence and higher layer) for Radio and Core Access Technologies Conceptualize, define, design, and prototype complex systems engineering solutions May lead a team of engineers to accomplish a similar task Work with upper-level engineers to identify need for improvement and work on implementing solutions to meet those needs REQUIREMENTS: Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or Electrical Engineering and 6-8 years of experience or an equivalent combination of skills, education and experience. Master's degree preferred Experience coding in C/C++ Understand the wireless protocol stacks for GSM, LTD,and 3G UMTS/CDMA Applicants selected will be subject to a government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information Working knowledge of radio access, core network, interface protocol and the call flows over these interfaces Experience in 3GPP/IEEE/ANSI/ITU/ETSI Wireless and Trunked mobile radio protocols and survey tools Demonstrated ability to rapidly prototype protocols and applications Demonstrated knowledge of object oriented architecture, programming and programming methods Experience with Linux Demonstrated ability to leverage open source programs, rapid integration methods, web interfaces and services implementation, XML implementation methods Object oriented architecture, programming and programming methods required Demonstrated experience or knowledge of software methods - from those that are highly formal requiring extensive documentation and reviews to 'extreme' programming techniques Excellent communication and interpersonal skills 	Software / Wireless Protocols Engineer	Kforce	Florham Park	NJ	Florham Park, NJ	Kforce	Fri, 02 Oct 2015 18:45:35 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=65e18d7dd561ae46&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXbzlUXXGXB-wBba4UkGH96x3ZPGGlllBpSBmITXS5q23JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kepurs19sj071
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Develop services, systems and tools using mostly C#, ASP.NET MVC and SQL Server Full Stack .Net Software Engineer – CONTRACT – New York, NY Full Stack .Net Software Engineer Summary &amp; Skills: As a full stack software engineer, you’ll develop innovative technologies that are changing the Alternative Asset Management industry. You’ll work with other engineers and business analysts to design, build, deploy, and support the core business Innovation's suite of applications. You’ll tackle a variety of problems ranging from optimizing data retrieval performance to scaling out infrastructure or bringing complex systems together. You’ll devise elegant solutions, and put your own best ideas to work in an entrepreneurial environment inside one of the world's most successful companies. Develop services, systems and tools using mostly C#, ASP.NET MVC and SQL Server Lead and participate in technical, design and operations reviews throughout the development cycle Identify areas of the business which could be streamlined through the application of technology Build and share reusable components Automate everything Grow the team by sharing your specialized skills Qualifications: My client is seeking to hire individuals who are highly motivated, intelligent and have demonstrated excellence in prior endeavors. Qualified candidates will possess: A B.S. in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or similar A desire to learn and adapt to new technologies A self-starting, entrepreneurial attitude Object-oriented programming experience in any language A desire to keep improving Pluses include experience with JavaScript / JavaScript frameworks (jQuery, underscore, knockout, d3) CSS / SASS / Coffee Source control Database technologies .NET / C# / ASP.NET Follow us on our BLOG to see more jobs like this: http://ny.vereduscorp.com/ Why Veredus? Candidates work with a professional Recruiter whose average experience is eight years in the industry. That means they have intimate knowledge of the Information Technology industry and market trends - who is in demand now and who will be next. Your Veredus Recruiter will lead you through a thorough screening process in order to understand your skills, experience, needs, and desires. They also counsel their candidates in resume writing, interviewing, and career planning so when there’s a position you really want, you’re fully prepared to get it. Additionally, if the position is a consulting opportunity Veredus provides full benefits starting Day 1, and at virtually no cost to you. Medical Dental Vision 401K Life Insurance ($20,000 benefit) ATOP - Accrued Time Off Program Consultant Lunches and Outings Consultant Web-Site Name Plates Care packages/Survival packs Dedicated Consulting Services Representative Veredus has been recognized as one of the “Best Staffing Firms to Work For” by Staffing Industry Analysts the last 3 years in a row. Nervous about an upcoming interview Want to be as prepared as possible Click on the link below and you will have access to the Veredus Interview Prep Video - culled from hundreds of years of collective experience in preparing candidates for that all important job interview: http://vereduscorp.com/career-center/ Veredus Corporation is an EEO/Affirmative Action Employer M/F/D/V. Drug testing may be required; please contact Recruiter for more information.	Full Stack .NET Software Engineer	Veredus	New York	NY	New York, NY	Veredus	Wed, 16 Sep 2015 07:46:58 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=b4bb4243be903c41&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXbzlUXXGXB-wBba4UkGH96x3ZPGGlllBpSBmITXS5q23JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kepurs19sj071
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Job Title: Sr. Software Engineer Job Location: Rockleigh, NJ Job Type: Full time/ Permanent REQUIREMENTS Client is looking for a Software Engineer to be an integral member of their device management software platform. Must have experience with C#, .Net, C++. Must have experience in programming interactions with hardware devices or in writing firmware. WPF experience is a plus. Experience with protocol specifications and analysis is a plus. At least 2 years industry experience or significant programming achievements are needed. S. Computer Engineering, Computer Science or equivalent Required experience: C#, .Net, C++, MVVM: 5 years 	Sr. Software Engineer	Prospance inc	Rockleigh	NJ	Rockleigh, NJ	Indeed	Mon, 17 Aug 2015 22:31:26 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=75783ac48da1331d&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXbzlUXXGXB-wBba4UkGH96x3ZPGGlllBpSBmITXS5q23JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kepurs19sj071
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	We’re looking for extremely talented, passionate and resourceful a Software Engineer – PHP that want to join a collaborative, humorous and hard-working team of developers that really believe in what they’re building – someone who loves the thrill of working with an awesome startup where they can build systems that are so good they want to brag about them! Responsibilities for Software Engineer – PHP Building out next generation e-commerce platforms and systems Analyzing application performance Identifying and resolving application and database bottlenecks Writing SQL queries and data modelling for real time reporting Skills &amp; Requirements for Software Engineer – PHP Gotta Have Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science/Engineering preferred or combined equivalent of education and/or experience 5+ years of experience developing database driven web applications, and solid experience in the latest web technologies, including PHP 5.x, MySQL, XML, CSS3, JSON and JQuery 3+ years of OOP/MVC PHP programming 2+ years developing test driven code using tools such as (PHPUnit, Jenkins, etc) Solid experience working within LAMP environment Experience in developing database driven web applications, combining back-end database with frontend integration. Hope you Have Experience with Zend Framework Experience developing web services A passion for learning and experimentation. While our core is PHP, we like to use the tool for the job. Want to build a subsystem with Redis, Gearman, NodeJS, or StatsD? Go for it! A strong portfolio of web-oriented projects.* Guru Skills Amazing “can-do” attitude Tireless energy &amp; motivation Able to leap from one activity to the next – without breaking a sweat! Able to “go with the flow” – very zen! 	Software Engineer – PHP (160K)	Smith & Keller	New York	NY	New York, NY	Smith & Keller	Tue, 15 Sep 2015 10:03:41 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=1de28a5c2501975c&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXbzlUXXGXB-wBba4UkGH96x3ZPGGlllBpSBmITXS5q23JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kepurs19sj071
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	In a time where people are canceling their cable TV subscriptions in favor of online streaming media, there's a NYC technology startup responsible for over 94 billion plays and over 4 billion hours of streaming video watched last year. Their video player is currently deployed on over 2 million web properties and streams nearly 5% of all internet video. They recently created a mobile streaming platform and are looking for an Android Engineer to take ownership of developing their Android SDK. Your work will enable native app developers to build streaming video functionality into their apps. This company's product is the third most used streaming video player (only behind YouTube and Facebook) so your work will be immediately deployed to a massive audience. Requirements: 2+ years of Android app or SDK development experience Knowledge of some of the following: Java, Python, JavaScript, HTML, Git, Jenkins, C++ BS, MS, or PHD in Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics, or a related field of study 	Android Software Engineer - Streaming Video SDK	HiringCatalyst	New York	NY	New York, NY	Breezy HR	Mon, 02 Nov 2015 19:53:20 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=61cc7e60fbded611&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXbzlUXXGXB-wBba4UkGH96x3ZPGGlllBpSBmITXS5q23JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kepurs19sj071
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Job Title: Senior Software Engineer - API - Scala, AKKA, Play Job Location: New York Job Type: Full Time Job Description: Company is hiring Software Engineers to help us innovate in the way we develop our industry-leading communications monitoring and analytics service platform for the financial industry. Organization Vault is a startup within the company Enterprise group. Their infrastructure processes over 250 million messages per day and our archive manages over 80 billion communications objects ranging from e-mail to voice recordings. They believe in building the best cloud-services for our customers using the best tools for the job and They’re looking for developers who want to have an impact in the financial industry. We are using open source technologies including: Java, Scala, Play Framework, Accumulo, Hadoop, jQuery, Docker IO. Must have: A hands-on problem solver with excellent software design and implementation skills using scalable REST web services in Scala/Java (7,8) using Akka/Play. Solid experience with OO driven development and frameworks similar to Play Solid experience working with HTML5, AJAX, CSS and front-end technologies Experience as component owner making significant contributions to code, architecture, performance, robustness and reliability. A self-starter who brings energy, passion and creativity to work every day. Desired Skills: BA/BS in Computer Science, related degree, or strong comparable experience. 5+ years of professional software development experience. Experience developing modern enterprise or REST applications using languages like Scala/Java/Python etc. Knowledge of RDBMs like MySQL, data modeling, SQL tuning and optimization Familiarity with NoSQL data stores like Accumulo, Solr, Redis or Memcache 	Senior Software Engineer - API - Scala, AKKA, Play	MSH Group	New York	NY	New York, NY	MSH Group	Thu, 17 Sep 2015 05:22:05 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=0d542e319af83aed&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXbzlUXXGXB-wBba4UkGH96x3ZPGGlllBpSBmITXS5q23JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kepurs19sj071
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	The Senior Software Engineer will be accountable for leading a small team as well as developing and maintaining key modules of the V12 Group's suite of SaaS applications. The Engineer will be working on a variety of applications and next generation products as well as working on a team of top developers with cutting edge technologies. Responsibilities • Design, develop and modify modules based on functional and system requirements • Work closely with Product Owner for understanding the functional and system requirements • Provide feedback during design and code peer reviews • Adhere to software team's established processes and tools • Participate in sprint planning and estimating • Contribute ideas for process improvement, including coding practices, standards and tools • Work closely with Software Engineers to ensure architectural integrity and product quality • Mentor junior engineers in development methodologies and best practices • Engage in continuous self-improvement of technical and communications skills • Solid understanding of OOP/OOD Principles • Participate in testing process through unit testing and bug fixes • Strong ability to debug code quickly and efficiently • Maintain awareness of deadlines and priorities • All other duties as assigned Skills &amp; Requirements Position Requirements Formal Education &amp; Certification • BS/BA degree in Computer Science, Information Systems or related field Like to Haves • 4-6+ years in a working environment • Experience leading a team • HTML5 / CSS3 / JavaScript • JQuery / knockoutjs / AngularJS • C# • ASP.NET MVC • Basic Design Patterns (Factory, Repository, Singleton, UnitOfWork, Dependency Injection) • Team leadership/Scrum Master • Experience organizing and coordinating programming tasks assigned to other Software Engineers • Experience monitoring project status, technical leadership, mentoring and providing insight within the Software Engineering department Other valuable skills • ADO.NET / ORM: Entity Framework, NHibernate • SQL Server Databases (SQL Queries, Stored Procedures, Database Triggers) • Agile/Scrum methodologies • Familiarity building multithreaded applications • Experience with modern Internet APIs, protocols, and patterns including REST, JSON, XML • WCF, WebAPI 2, Web Services (REST, SOAP) • Embrace a test-driven development (TDD) approach, leveraging unit test tools such as JUnit and NUnit (BTT nice to have) Personal Attributes • Experience at working both independently and in a team-oriented, collaborative environment is essential • Analytical and problem-solving capabilities • Strong attention to detail and ability to multi-task • Ability to work under tight project deadlines About V12 Group If you’re looking for a company where you can work hard, have fun, get inspired, and be well compensated then we’re looking for you. V12 Group is proof that you don’t have to choose between the inflexibility of corporate culture and the uncertainty of a startup. Enjoy a comprehensive benefits package, generous vacation time, and a highly competitive salary all in an environment that promotes creativity and innovation. Headquartered in Red Bank, NJ, V12 Group is a two-time honoree of NJBIZ’s Best Places to Work in New Jersey. Since 2002, V12 Group has been providing customers, clients, and users of Launchpad, our marketing cloud, with leading technology, quality data, and an unparalleled customer experience. You don’t have to travel to Silicon Valley to join a leading technology company; you just have to apply. Contact us today to learn more about V12 Group, our team, and your future. Check out our corporate site at: http://www.v12groupinc.com/ As well as our Launchpad Marketing Cloud at: https://launchpadcloud.com/ \	Senior Software Engineer/Marketing-Technology company with latest technologies!	V12 Group	Red Bank	NJ	Red Bank, NJ	StackOverflow Jobs	Thu, 29 Oct 2015 20:48:03 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=bd5b20bfc29b3c90&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXbzlUXXGXB-wBba4UkGH96x3ZPGGlllBpSBmITXS5q23JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kepurs19sj071
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	DESCRIPTION: Catchpoint Systems is in need of a Back-End Software Engineer who will play an essential role in developing our data analytics platform, which is a distributed, multi-threaded, fault tolerant system. The Engineer will often work with and enhance our custom NoSQL DB, which is used for populating, aggregating, and extracting very large data, to be used by our clients for reporting &amp; alerting. EXPERIENCE: 3+ years of experience in either C#, C++, or Java 3+ years of experience in writing multi-threaded applications and services Big Data Processing Deep understanding of SQL, and design patterns Building and maintaining unit/functional/integration tests Writing client server applications Familiarity with: Developing and integrating with WCF and/or other Webservice frameworks Understanding of .NET Frameworks Addressing and Troubleshooting network issues Database management LINQ REQUIREMENTS: BS or MS degree in Computer Science or related major COMPENSATION: We offer great benefits along with a stable and professional work environment, health insurance, and stock options. OVERVIEW: Catchpoint Systems offers wide-ranging and easy-to-use web monitoring tools that allow businesses to discover and fix problems with their websites before they impact end users, ultimately saving revenue and time, and preserving their brand in the eyes of consumers. Using Catchpoint’s customizable dashboards, analytics capabilities, and innovative alerting system, DevOps professionals can rest easy knowing that their synthetic monitoring needs are taken care of, and that their sites’ speed, availability, and reliability are maximized. At the same time, Catchpoint’s Real User Measurement solution ensures that the sites’ critical conversion paths are optimized to the fullest extent. Over 250 clients, including major brands such as Comcast, LinkedIn, Overstock, TripAdvisor, Wayfair, Priceline, and more have realized the benefit of Catchpoint as a third party monitoring solution. The key to our value is the end-to-end visibility of the complete user experience that our clients are able to access. With 12 different monitor types, including browser, DNS, API, SSH, transaction, network path, and a number of others, Catchpoint users can synthetically monitor from 400+ locations around the world, getting real-time analytics across a broad variety of functionalities that make up their sites.	Software Engineer (Data Platform)	Catchpoint Systems	New York	NY	New York, NY	Catchpoint Systems	Mon, 03 Aug 2015 06:20:16 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=4e862e4420804738&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXbzlUXXGXB-wBba4UkGH96x3ZPGGlllBpSBmITXS5q23JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kepurs19sj071
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Quidsi Inc., is a subsidiary of Amazon and entrepreneurial parent company to Diapers.com, Soap.com, BeautyBar.com, Wag.com, Yoyo.com, Look.com, Afterschool.com, Casa.com and Vinemarket.com. We are a mom-centric retail technology company. We deliver delightful experiences, products, and expertise by offering a curated selection of products, lightning-fast delivery, incredible customer service, and an easy-to-navigate shopping experience. Quidsi’s sites are host to millions of daily visitors and our warehouses are run by hundreds of autonomous Kiva robots. Our entire operation from our websites/apps, to our fulfillment centers and customer care center is focused on creating an enjoyable end-to-end customer experience. To get there, we need exceptionally talented, bright and driven people who are energized by "what if" (the meaning of Quidsi in Latin). If you'd like to help us build the place where people can find and buy anything online, come and innovate with us! We are building a high caliber technology team consisting of the brightest minds who raise the bar and enjoy being vigorously challenged. The ideal candidate is passionate about design and architecture with an unwavering commitment to code quality. The Senior Software Development Engineer is an idea generator who offers innovative solutions through a combination of creative thinking and deep understanding of the problem space. Projects will leverage Amazon’s technological capabilities and platforms to make Quidsi’s solutions compelling, unique and sustainable. Responsibilities : · Propose, prototype and evaluate multiple areas of optimization for our e-commerce applications and mobile-optimized sites · Build high availability/ high reliability software on time · Construct secure, scalable, and low-latency services and mobile applications · Provide hands-on code contribution and shipping responsibility - libraries, API's, documentation · Partner with Marketing, Merchandising and other business stakeholders to define functional solutions for business problems Basic Qualifications · Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or a related field or corresponding experience equaling 4 year degree · 5+ years experience in at least one of the following modern programming languages: Java, C#, C++, Python, Ruby, Scala, Groovy or any other modern non-scripting language · Minimum of 2 years of web applications/services experience Preferred Qualifications · Building highly-available distributed systems on a cloud infrastructure (e.g. AWS) · Delivering low-latency, consumer-internet-scale web services · Experience working with, or an interest in Agile Methodologies, such as Extreme Programming (XP) and Scrum · Strong OO skills, Computer Science fundamentals in data structures and algorithm design · Training and mentoring the engineering community on complex technical issues · Managing expectations, meeting firm deadlines and thriving in a dynamic work environment · Problem solving and complexity analysis · Strong verbal and written communication skills · Maintaining a sense of humor Quidsi Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer-Affirmative Action Employer Female/Minority/Disability/Vet .tch1.qds.crp.	Lead Software Development Engineer – Quidsi, Amazon Subsidiary	Quidsi, Inc.	Jersey City	NJ	Jersey City, NJ	Amazon.com	Fri, 14 Aug 2015 05:17:09 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=102593e6fa6a8039&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXbzlUXXGXB-wBba4UkGH96x3ZPGGlllBpSBmITXS5q23JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kepurs19sj071
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Crestron is the world's leading manufacturer of advanced control and automation systems, innovating technology and reinventing the way people live and work. Offering integrated solutions to control audio, video, computer, IP and environmental systems, Crestron streamlines technology, improving the quality of life for people in corporate boardrooms, conference rooms, classrooms, auditoriums, and in their homes. Crestron's software test team is seeking a talented and self-motivated engineer with software and/or software testing experience in a hardware environment who can apply his/her expertise to testing our software products in order to assure quality and stability prior to deployment. Responsibilities: Formulate test strategies for new and existing software products Design, develop and update test plans and test cases as needed Execute test plans, report results and create problem reports when applicable Position Requirements: BS in Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering or Computer Science Minimum of 3 years of software and/or software testing experience within a hardware environment Strong troubleshooting and debugging skills Able to multi-task effectively Methodical and detail-oriented Able to work independently as well as within a team Excellent verbal and written communication skills Must be able to work in the U.S. without sponsorship Preferred: System level testing experience Crestron knowledge Skills and Education Requirements: BS in Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering or Computer Science Minimum of 3 years of software and/or software testing experience within a hardware environment Strong troubleshooting and debugging skills Able to multi-task effectively Methodical and detail-oriented Able to work independently as well as within a team Excellent verbal and written communication skills 	Software Quality Engineer	Crestron Electronics	Rockleigh	NJ	Rockleigh, NJ	Crestron Electronics	Tue, 25 Aug 2015 00:11:26 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=d44c0739efedd046&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXbzlUXXGXB-wBba4UkGH96x3ZPGGlllBpSBmITXS5q23JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kepurs19sj071
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Crestron is the world's leading manufacturer of advanced control and automation systems, innovating technology and reinventing the way people live and work. Offering integrated solutions to control audio, video, computer, IP and environmental systems, Crestron streamlines technology, improving the quality of life for people in corporate boardrooms, conference rooms, classrooms, auditoriums, and in their homes. Crestron's software test team is seeking a talented and self-motivated engineer with software and/or software testing experience in a hardware environment who can apply his/her expertise to testing our software products in order to assure quality and stability prior to deployment. Responsibilities: Formulate test strategies for new and existing software products Design, develop and update test plans and test cases as needed Execute test plans, report results and create problem reports when applicable Position Requirements: BS in Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering or Computer Science Minimum of 3 years of software and/or software testing experience within a hardware environment Strong troubleshooting and debugging skills Able to multi-task effectively Methodical and detail-oriented Able to work independently as well as within a team Excellent verbal and written communication skills Must be able to work in the U.S. without sponsorship Preferred: System level testing experience Crestron knowledge Skills and Education Requirements: BS in Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering or Computer Science Minimum of 3 years of software and/or software testing experience within a hardware environment Strong troubleshooting and debugging skills Able to multi-task effectively Methodical and detail-oriented Able to work independently as well as within a team Excellent verbal and written communication skills 	Software Quality Engineer	Crestron	Rockleigh	NJ	Rockleigh, NJ	Crestron	Mon, 24 Aug 2015 22:41:41 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=7078e88edbd09003&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXbzlUXXGXB-wBba4UkGH96x3ZPGGlllBpSBmITXS5q23JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3kepurs19sj071
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Location: New York, NY Job Description We are looking for an experienced and professional Software Engineer to join our growing team. If you meet our background requirements and have a desire to work for a great company that takes care of its employees, this Software Engineer may be the ideal opportunity for you! MTS 2 Software Engineer Job Responsibilities Write high-quality, high-performance, maintainable full stack code for our Java/Java EE based product Participate as technical lead in the full Software Development Life Cycle (Agile/Scrum), iterative development, estimations and design sessions Lead architecture discussions in planning stage on architectural design of projects. Own product design by facilitating design reviews and staying abreast of design standards and incorporate into product design. Work closely with Product Managers, Software Engineers, Operations, and Quality Assurance Engineers in a collaborative environment to provide quality software and solutions. Partner with Product Manager to influence product future Maintain and champion our engineering culture: perform design and code review, introduce new tools and methods, give "brown bag" presentations, etc. MTS 2 Software Engineer Job Requirements Education: BSCS or BSEE or Other Related 4yr Technical Degree 2+ to 5 years' experience Minimum Education - Bachelor's Degree MTS 2 Software Engineer Benefits Our hires are treated to competitive pay and an excellent benefits package. To learn more about pay and benefits, please apply today! MTS 2 Software Engineer Company Overview The JAG Group is dedicated to provide effective medical staffing solutions for healthcare organizations and in offering practice opportunities and alternatives for the healthcare professionals we serve. The JAG Group is a member of NAPS (National Association of Personnel Services) and GAPS (Georgia Association of Personnel Services). Matching qualified healthcare professionals with medical practices and hospitals across the USA in need of healthcare employment is what we do best! Derrick Green The JAG Group www.thejaggroup.com jobs@thejaggroup.com 404-874-3624 direct 877-843-5244, Ext 24 678-904-7808 fax	MTS 2 Software Engineer	The Jag Group	New York	NY	New York, NY	The JAG Group	Sun, 13 Sep 2015 09:23:00 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=d3c47cd25b53e6b6&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1OK53TFnuE8MZh1JxFN180JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3keq3er19sj3jr
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Job Requirements Looking for Full Stack Software Engineers with excellent coding skills and an Ad Tech background to help build a native advertising platform Strong experience with REST architecture/ development and full stack Java development. Relocation Assistance Available - Possible for ideal candidate Please submit your resume for consideration only if you meet requirements and qualifications. PLEASE SEND RESUME TO: aparker@snelling-atlanta.com	MTS 2, Software Engineer -NY0914	Snelling - Lilburn	New York	NY	New York, NY	Snelling Staffing Services	Mon, 14 Sep 2015 17:07:53 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=cad0bc178b13369f&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1OK53TFnuE8MZh1JxFN180JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3keq3er19sj3jr
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	· Master’s and/or Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering or equivalent. · 5+ years of professional experience developing user facing apps in Objective-C/Swift for iOS and Java/C for Android. · Experience with AVFoundation, CoreGraphics, CoreMedia, MediaPlayer &amp; UIKit frameworks in iOS · Experience with XCode to build apps for iOS and OS X and used Instruments to find memory leaks, optimize your apps. · Great experience with Data Structures and Algorithms. · You have built apps for multiple form factors (iPhone 4, iPhone 6, 6+, iPad Air etc) from an idea and have launched them on the AppStore. · Solid experience with Android and enjoy writing apps for Android Phones and tablets. · Experience withAndroid Activity LifeCycle and have used Fragments. · Experience building apps that use JNI (Java Native Interface) and have a deep understanding about Java memory management and garbage collection in Android. · You can write readable, maintainable, performant object-oriented Java Email resume in Word to JeffAltman@TheBigGameHunter.us. Please include the job code for the position with your resume. NOTE: WE WILL ONLY RESPOND IF YOUR RESUME APPEARS TO FIT A ROLE NO PAID RELOCATION. NO OVERSEAS RESUMES. NO 3RD PARTIES. Applicants for employment in the US must possess work authorization which does not require sponsorship from the employer for a visa. To receive a complimentary subscription to my job search ezine, No B.S. Job Search Advice, go to www.TheBigGameHunter.usto subscribe. Listen to "Job Search Radio" on WebTalkRadio.net or in iTunes and other podcast directories. Want to ask me questions via phone, Skype or Facetime? Have your job search questions answered. The Big Game Hunter is a professional search firm and coaching service that helps people find superior opportunities and firms locate superior talent. In addition, we generate an extraordinary amount of information to help job hunters, recruiting professionals and hiring managers be more effective. Visit http://www.TheBigGameHunter.us	Senior Mobile Software Engineer	The Big Game Hunter	Hackensack	NJ	Hackensack, NJ	The Big Game Hunter	Tue, 20 Oct 2015 05:07:53 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=caa2bfafd6ea984e&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1OK53TFnuE8MZh1JxFN180JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3keq3er19sj3jr
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Job Title: Senior Software Engineer, Android Discipline: Software Engineering Reports to: Director of Engineering, Mobile Apps Location: Seattle, WA or New York, NY Job Profile: Build rich, dynamic, cross-platform native mobile applications for Android and iOS devices. Work hand-in-hand with the design team to implement interfaces that look beautiful and adapt dynamically to all form factors. Architect complex UI interactions that push the boundaries of multi-touch interfaces. Implement animations and transitions that make experiences on mobile phones and tablets come to life. Establish infrastructure and practices for code reuse across development environments. Responsibilities: Execute on a software architecture and development plan to implement new features and products Write code to tackle challenging technical problems with a focus on readability, maintainability, performance, and quality Propose novel solutions to design and technical challenges Communicate effectively with your team and other product disciplines, raising issues early and offering solutions Develop all software according to coding standards and processes Perform reviews of other engineers’ code, designs, and architectures Make use of unit and integration tests wherever possible Mentor junior engineers Participate in the interview process for new team members Invent technology and infrastructure to share complex or platform agnostic software components across development ecosystems Advise other engineers, designers, and management on mobile application development for Android devices Requirements: BS degree in Computer Science or related field, or equivalent practical experience 4+ years of relevant work experience A solid foundation in computer science, with strong competencies in data structures, algorithms, and software design An extensive knowledge of Android application development, having developed and deployed at least one commercial Android application through the Google Play store Proven, self-motivated engineer with a track record of creating production-quality mobile applications Posses a strong passion for building custom user experiences Able to work effectively in a cross-disciplinary environment, particularly with designers Able to create a development plan for a given feature set, estimate its tasks, and execute on those tasks in an efficient manner Working knowledge of the iOS development platform is a plus Expert in C++, Objective-C, or Java Proficient with Git or similar revision control systems We Offer: Medical, Dental, Vision, 401(K) Life Insurance Commuter Benefits Corporate discounts through AnyPerk Catered in-office lunches twice weekly and fully stocked pantry Flexible Time Off Policy Employee Equity Program 	Sr Software Engineer, Android	FiftyThree	New York	NY	New York, NY	FiftyThree	Sun, 16 Aug 2015 21:48:28 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=5dfb38c6d0c7c9e9&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1OK53TFnuE8MZh1JxFN180JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3keq3er19sj3jr
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Immediate need for Sr.Dot Net Developer Polaris Full time - Work Permit Green Card USAH1B Transfer End Customer - Banking Finanacial Client Excellent written oral communication skill. These will be needed to participate in weekly daily monthly calls with On-site customer managers. Passion for learning and rapid iteration Handle multiple assignments simultaneously Flexible and dedicated to work with distributed teams Should be willing to learn, scale-up and take individual responsibility to completion Should be flexible and be ready to work on different technologies as required by the business. Some of the applications and its related technologies might be legacy. Should have exposure in SDLC life cycle. With practical knowledge of how each of these development phases get executed. Preferably should have worked on at least one major project implementation. Knowledge of distributed working environment including 3-tiered and n-tiered architecture is needed. end Client is highly distributed process driven environment. Previous experience in working with major banks or distributed business implementations will add value There will be distributed vendor technology teams involved and the team member should be able to work along with them in coordinating and implementing deliverable additional skills Jquery, Javascript, Ajax, XSLT , Stylesheet Immediate need for Sr.Dot Net Developer Polaris Full time - Green Card /USA/H1B Transfer 84+ Months of experience in Dotnet, C# ,ASP.NET , SQL Server, SSIS and BI Skills	Senior Software Engineer	Polaris Software Lab Inc	Piscataway	NJ	Piscataway, NJ	Dice	Thu, 15 Oct 2015 03:00:41 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=90b60773c40a7d12&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1OK53TFnuE8MZh1JxFN180JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3keq3er19sj3jr
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Description BD (Becton, Dickinson and Company), a leading global medical technology company, is seeking a senior principal software engineer to oversee all aspects of design, architecture, and development of web-based services for BD’s healthcare IT projects. They assume the technical leadership of entire projects and champion technical and architectural excellence. This candidate will have a passion for building robust, well-architected solutions and takes scalability and maintainability very seriously. The candidate should be passionate about great software, and enjoy the details involved with the long-term outlook of technology strategy. The position is an exciting opportunity to make a meaningful, positive impact on patients throughout world by leveraging the cutting edge technologies. This role offers competitive relocation compensation and the opportunity for partial remote work. Duties and Responsibilities: Supervise and lead the activities of an agile software development team Plan, architect and implement full stack front and backend applications in a high-volume environment on Microsoft and related technologies (.NET, C#, MVC, WebAPI, IIS, SQL Server, Azure, and JavaScript) Champion technical and architectural excellence; Ensure correct technology choices and champion exceptionally high standards in terms of adherence to best practices; Lead by example in terms of code consistency, performance, robustness, intuitive APIs, all of which are core tenets for solutions Implement modern DevOps processes for continuous software delivery Set and enforce development standards and practices throughout the organization Collaborate and provide technical and design guidance and suggestions within the team and department Guide and mentor; perform peer code reviews and architectural reviews Assume technical ownership of entire projects, feature sets and modules without needing daily oversight Oversee and monitor projects and initiatives for technical and architectural soundness Perform discovery and estimation of epics, stories and tasks in Scrum projects Qualifications Bachelor's or Master's degree in Computer Science or related field 5+ years of professional experience in software engineering 2 yrs of C#, ASP.NET, MVC, WebAPI Proficiency with multi-tiered, web/cloud architectures A strong computer science background and solid experience with object oriented design and programming A passion for writing polished, well-architected code Well versed in web, backend and database software development principles Experience in agile software development teams Intimate familiarity with patterns and practices of the Microsoft web technology stack Implementing and deploying web applications in IIS Database programming and relational schema design for SQL Server Familiarity with Microsoft Azure Job Other Primary Location US-New Jersey-Franklin Lakes Shift First Shift / Day Job Relocation Available No	Senior Principal Software Engineer	Becton Dickinson & Company	Franklin Lakes	NJ	Franklin Lakes, NJ	Becton Dickinson	Thu, 03 Sep 2015 15:30:26 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=e20d4e4c73e6d84a&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1OK53TFnuE8MZh1JxFN180JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3keq3er19sj3jr
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Smith &amp; Keller is currently seeking a Software Implementation Engineer to come grow with us in a dynamic and challenging environment to join our team. The team is comprised of talented, creative and dedicated individuals with a passion for delivering innovative solutions to the market. Our client recognizes that every employee’s contributions are integral to the company’s growth and success. To find and acquire the best and brightest talent around the globe, we offer a challenging work environment, competitive compensation and benefits, and rewarding career opportunities. The Software Implementation Engineer will be part of a team performing implementations to thier clients working with financial and banking software. There is coding involved, however this is not building a new product. Each project is somewhat unique – each client environment, processing solution we integrate with and business model is different. This company only looks for the brightest and best! Responsibilities for the Software Implementation Engineer: Develop, enhance, test and implement solutions for the financial services industry Qualifications for the Software Implementation Engineer: Databases: SQL or Data Warehousing, ETL, OLAP Operating systems: Windows and Linux Programming language: Java OR C++, Javascript Web Technologies: HTML, XML, XSL, Servlets Excellent communication skills Excellent written and spoken English Pro-active and Team Oriented approach BS degree in Computer Science or related field Travel required 25% Occasional night/weekend work to move to production Experience for the Software Implementation Engineer: 2+ years experience with a Software Company 	Software Implementation Engineer – SQL	Smith & Keller	New York	NY	New York, NY	Smith & Keller	Tue, 15 Sep 2015 10:03:42 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=b8d2c66251ed654f&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1OK53TFnuE8MZh1JxFN180JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3keq3er19sj3jr
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Date: Immediate Location: New York, NY Type: FTE (Full Time Employee) JOB DESCRIPTION Symphony is looking for a senior-level, server-side Java software engineer to support its exponential growth. As a Symphony Backend Engineer, you'll be designing and implementing the cloud-based server-side logic for our secure communications platform. Working closely with Symphony’s industry partners and large financial clients, you will help design and integrate external platforms with Symphony’s enterprise-class, secure, end-to-end encrypted messaging application. Our engineers design and implement utilizing open source stacks (e.g. hbase, kafka, solr), extreme scaling within the cloud, and encryption in transit/at rest. This role is for a strong hands-on software engineer who also has outstanding communications skills. The successful candidate will be ready for a role that includes both directly contributing to the development of Symphony’s platform integration interfaces, and has the strong relationship management and communications skills to work directly with outside organizations to help create a complete technical solution. Why you are needed now: Symphony is a secure messaging startup backed by an array of the world’s leading financial institutions. Our clients and industry partners aim to create rich integrations with the Symphony front-end: Huge customer and industry demand for connections with 3rd party content and integration, and connections to enterprise applications Each one of these features needs to be maintainable, secure, and scalable to a large number of partner integrations Symphony is designed as an open platform which enables widespread integration. Platform integration is core to our product strategy. The problems you will be solving: Provide sophisticated back-end integration hooks to deliver hooks into Symphony’s core messaging platform, supporting integration with secure message “bots,” content and trading platform information feeds, and other server-side applications. Our clients are large, sophisticated global enterprises who seek to integrate Symphony in a complex fashion with their internal systems. Our partners include many application and content providers. Handling these complex stakeholders and delivering a strategic solution is the core of this challenging and crucial role. RESPONSIBILITIES Participate in development of Symphony's Server / Backend Development Work with clients and industry partners to explain how our interfaces work and assist in integrating with Symphony at both an architectural and code level Design, implement and test highly scalable, multi-tier, distributed server software applications Design and implement distributed and highly concurrent Java based enterprise services Create maintainable and scalable features fit for use by demanding enterprise clients QUALIFICATIONS Outstanding technical communications skills and stakeholder management 10+ years experience in a Java server-side software design and development Solid background in fundamentals of computer science and development process Experience developing high quality centralized server based apps Experience with open source frameworks and tools BS or MS degree in Computer Science or a related technical field DESIRED BUT NOT REQUIRED NoSQL and SQL databases Experience deploying server applications on Google App Engine (GAE), Google Compute Engine GCE and Amazon Web Service (AWS) Experience with any of the following: Kafka, Solr, Tomcat, HBase and Hadoop, ZooKeeper, Mongo, Camel Master’s Degree, and Machine learning exposure are a plus Experience with communication and messaging applications Experience with security software and solutions Experience designing and implementing scalable, high performance, server side Java applications Experience with distributed systems, persistence, caching, concurrent programming ABOUT SYMPHONY'S TECHNOLOGY STACK We selected Apache Kafka, Apache Solr, MongoDB and HBase due to their superior distributed nature, performance, reliability, and ability to scale to the volume of data generated by the expected workload. We built out the ReSTFUL web services layer in a stateless manner using Apache Tomcat, meaning capacity could be added linearly, by simply adding more boxes behind the load balancer. The client front end was conceived as a web client that could be delivered on any device, any operating system, anywhere in the world. To build it, we chose HTML5/CSS3, with JQuery, Backbone and Handlebars doing the bulk of the heavy lifting. Symphony's front-end web application uses the modular pattern made popular in CommonJS, which builds each component as a loosely coupled anonymous closure. The core of the JavaScript app handles request transport details, new message notifications and updates, configuration of the UI layout, and much more. These functions are abstracted behind a public sandbox and selectively bundled into modules when the components are loaded. This architecture helps Symphony add new components quickly and seamlessly because they are isolated from each other, and lets developers control exactly how much of the app needs to load—an architecture specifically designed for integration and customization. ABOUT SYMPHONY Designed for the exchange of high-value content, Symphony is a secure communication and workflow platform that improves workplace productivity and connects users to their professional and personal community. Symphony has attracted the world’s top financial institutions with a $66 million investment to develop a scalable, cloud-based and highly secure collaboration and communication platform that will address the enterprise and compliance requirements for the financial services industry. The Symphony platform is intended to be used by some of the most time-conscious firms on the planet who are regularly corresponding high-value information—where a delay of a few seconds can have significant cost implications. Symphony’s secure communication platform will be available to all financial institutions and professionals world-wide in mid-2015. Now we’re looking for top-notch engineers, programmers and marketers (etc.) to join our team in Palo Alto, CA and New York to help us change the way the world communicates. If you have the skills and savvy to work with a world-class team, and an appetite for game-changing disruption, we definitely want to hear from you. COMPENSATION Competitive Base Salary and Incentive (Stock Option) plan / Health/Dental/Vision/401k (We accept existing H1B Visa applicants) Symphony appreciates your interest in our company. Symphony is an Equal Opportunity Employer. SYMPHONY BENEFITS Competitive salary based on experience, skills, and qualifications Medical, Dental, and Vision coverage 401(K) Plan Life and AD&amp;D coverage Short Term and Long Term Disability coverage Employee Assistance Program Flexible Spending Account benefits Uncapped vacation and sick time Fully stocked kitchen and catered lunches Discounted gym memberships Many other fun and exciting benefits and activities! Symphony reserves the right of ownership for all unsolicited resumes submitted for this requisition and is not responsible for any fees associated with unsolicited resumes.	Senior Java Backend Software Engineer – Platform Integration	Symphony Communication Services, LLC	New York	NY	New York, NY	Symphony Communication Services, LLC	Mon, 03 Aug 2015 02:59:09 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=290bc98f9f30f088&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1OK53TFnuE8MZh1JxFN180JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3keq3er19sj3jr
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Software Engineer Manufacturer of complex electro-mechanical systems is in need of a talented Software Engineer to participate in all aspects of the design and maintenance of software for their high performance precision products. Full life-cycle software development; programming to include conceptual design, general coding, release to manufacturing testing, and quality assurance. Candidate needs to be able to produce final release software for manufacturing including associated documentation. Candidate needs to demonstrate the ability to use appropriate development tools, compliers, and simulation. Must be capable of working within a team environment to plan, organize, execute and thoroughly document complex system designs, including the ability to assist in developing technical solutions to customer specifications. Test and debug skills are necessary; must understand interoperability of hardware and software. Knowledge of and experience with Microsoft Visual Studio; C, C#, VB, and Windows programming (WIN32, .NET) are required. Knowledge of and experience with analog and digital design (motor drive, microcontrollers) are a plus. Must be able to manage and support multiple tasks on a consistent basis, while providing the highest level of service. Good verbal and writing skills are necessary. Primary Responsibilities • Candidate will participate in all aspects of the software design and invention of high performance precision hardware products. •Includes conceptual design, architecting, and programming. •Includes debugging, and system testing applications and modules in various software languages. •Creation and upkeep of company product documents. •Maintenance of current products and feature addition. •Coordinate multiple build activities internally with engineering projects. •Directing test engineers and technicians on specific projects. •Provide customer support in the factory and in the field. Job Requirements • BS Computer Engineering or BSEE and 3+ years applicable experience in Windows programming design preferred. •Strong knowledge of C, C#, and Microsoft (WIN32, .NET) are required. •Strong knowledge of Microsoft SQL •Strong knowledge of Communication : TCP/IP, Serial, USB •Strong Knowledge of software development tools. •Knowledge of design, development, test engineering, and manufacturing processes. •Knowledge of Front End graphical user interface design •Must be capable of working within a team to plan. •Must be capable of thoroughly documenting complex system designs. •Proven ability to assist in developing technical solutions to customer specifications. •Experience with testing and debugging; in lab prototypes (initial bring up) and in field customer sites. •Ability to read hardware block diagrams, schematics, and wiring diagrams. •Knowledge of PCB schematic and layout tools a plus. •Basic computer skills, including Microsoft suite; Outlook, Word, Excel, etc... •Good verbal and writing skills are necessary. •Must be a US Citizen or Green Card holder Apply For This Job: Email your resume to Info@IntegralStaff.com referencing the Job ID in the title above. Thank You.	Software Engineer	Integral Staffing	Ramsey	NJ	Ramsey, NJ	Integral Staffing	Thu, 01 Oct 2015 22:44:17 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=1d42aa73823cdcd1&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1OK53TFnuE8MZh1JxFN180JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3keq3er19sj3jr
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	iHeartRadio, iHeartMedia’s free digital radio service, is the No. 1 all-in-one digital audio service with over 600 million downloads; it reached its first 20 million registered users faster than any digital service in Internet history and reached 70 million users faster than any digital music service and even faster than Twitter, Facebook and Pinterest. The company’s operations include radio broadcasting, online, mobile, digital and social media, live concerts and events, syndication, music research services and independent media representation. iHeartRadio is looking for several Test Engineers who believe deeply in Continuous Integration and Deployment and have extensive background working in fast-paced, agile environments. As a Test Engineer, you will be embedded directly into our product teams and will work alongside existing Software Engineers to help build and expand our suite of automation tools and frameworks. If you have a passion for bringing push button deployments with full testing and regression tools to life, including Selenium Webdriver, PhantomJS, Appium, and Java, and have rapid and high quality deployments as a minimum standard for your team, you will love this role. We take our testing seriously and we want Engineers to be autonomous, creative and most of all produce high quality software. Quality not only entails finding bugs, but also helping to commit code, including functional tests, measuring performance, latency and data consistency across our entire product portfolio. Responsibilities: Architect and create an Automation Framework using open source technologies Work directly on our product teams ensuring proper Functional and Regression test coverage using tools like Selenium Webdriver, PhantomJS, Appium, Java, JUnit, TestNG, XCTest and others Ensure that the testing and automation tools are wired into our Continuous Integration proc ess using tools like Jenkins Work with individual engineers to ensure that the different product teams have a high degree of focus on quality by working on strategies (and code) for Functional testing Execute any manual testing required to move product work through the agile sprints Ensure all testing includes a multi-platform approach by thinking about different browsers and devices where iHeartRadio products live Collaborate with Product Managers and Engineers on building out test strategies and plans Requirements: Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or equivalent 3+ Years experience in a Test Engineering role for both client or backend based products Extensive experience in writing automated tests using frameworks like Selenium Webdriver, Appium, Java, JUnit, TestNG, Git Experience testing HTML and Mobile interfaces manually and automated Strong understanding of basic protocols like HTTP iHeartMedia is an equal opportunity employer and will not tolerate discrimination in employment on the basis of race, color, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, religion, disability, ethnicity, national origin, marital status, protected veteran status, genetic information, or any other legally protected classification or status. Required Skills Required Experience	Software Engineer in Test	iHeartMedia, Inc.	New York	NY	New York, NY	iHeartMedia, Inc.	Sat, 01 Aug 2015 06:24:54 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=8727add57ce985a7&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1OK53TFnuE8MZh1JxFN180JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3keq3er19sj3jr
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	RESPONSIBILITIES: Kforce has a client has a client seeking a Junior Java Software Engineer 2 in Jersey City, New Jersey (NJ). This is a great opportunity for someone who has the desire to work with teams that are passionate about lean startup principles, innovation and creating amazing customer experiences. This is a company that is continuously recognized for its world-class products! Responsibilities: Responsible for design, evaluation and implementation of innovative software components for a large scale, fault tolerant and distributed software platform Help the client to implement their next generation audio platform delivering leading edge audio quality to customers using collaboration software as well as the stand-alone audio conferencing service Apply skills and experience in an agile/scrum environment, working closely with developers, designers, and product managers Work on cutting edge, cloud based, Software-as-a-Service products for a major player in the software/tech industry Work in an Agile Software development environment Work closely with Architect and Senior Engineers to design and implement a software solution in either Java or C++ (based on background) Work with the Quality Engineering Team to support product validation and deployment to LIVE environment Work with Scrum Master, Product Managers to understand and groom stories based on user requirements REQUIREMENTS: Experience in C++ or Java and one or more scripting languages (e.g., JavaScript, Python) Experience in UNIX programming Knowledge of Object-oriented Programming (OOP); including, modular design and development Knowledge of data structures, collections and algorithms and familiarity with Linux based systems Knowledge in Networking technologies and multi-threaded programming Knowledge of highly scalable, distributed fault tolerant systems Java background C++ background, knowledge with client-server systems, Internet communication protocols and real-time communication protocols (RTP, SIP/SDP, H.323) Self-Starter, quick learner and able to thrive in a culturally and technically diverse team environment Experience in Web development (e.g. MVC frameworks, Ajax Frameworks, Java, Spring, Hibernate, HTTP, XML, TCP/IP, JavaScript, JSP/Servlets) Experience designing and developing APIs and Web Services Understanding of databases, (e.g. NoSQL, SQL, schema design) 	Junior - Mid Core Java Software Engineer	Kforce	Jersey City	NJ	Jersey City, NJ	Kforce	Tue, 22 Sep 2015 19:43:30 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=07b2e1fdc1e75b75&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1OK53TFnuE8MZh1JxFN180JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3keq3er19sj3jr
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Design and code from specifications, analyzes, evaluates, tests, debugs, documents, and implements complex software apps - Uses coding methods in specific programming languages to initiate or enhance program execution and functionality - Under general direction, devises or modifies procedures to solve complex problems considering computer equipment capacity and limitations, operating time, and form of desired results - Competent to work at the highest technical level of all phases of applications programming activities - Monitor program execution for expected performance - Monitors systems capacity and performance, plans and executes disaster recovery procedures, and provides Tier 2 technical support. - Strong front-end performance tuning experience of web based applications (Java, J2EE, JavaScript, SPRING, HTML, XML, DHTML, WebServices, CSS, AJAX, SOA, EJB) - Strong analytical &amp; troubleshooting skills - Exposure to ATG platform is a plus. - Exposure to monitoring tools Wily and CEM is a plus. Requires a bachelor's degree in area of specialty and at least 4-8 years of experience in the field or in a related area Skill set Java. Work Experience 4+ Yrs Number of positions 1	Software Systems Engineer	RiVi Consulting Group	Township of Warren	NJ	Township of Warren, NJ	RiVi Consulting Group	Thu, 27 Aug 2015 23:39:44 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=da32e503891a7336&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1OK53TFnuE8MZh1JxFN180JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3keq3er19sj3jr
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Lead Software Engineer (.NET) Works within a scrum team to design and develop software products in the Microsoft .NET environment (C#, ASP.NET, SQL 2014, MVC). Lead Software Engineer (.NET) Essential Functions: Serve as technical team lead for a small, senior product development scrum team. Drive software architecture of next-generation .NET SaaS platform, including SQL Server 2014 data model, persistence layer, web-services based business tier, business rules engine, UI tier, and integration components. Establish and maintain best-practice development standards. Implement and maintain automated build and deployment scripts. Work with QA engineers to identify and correct defects found in testing. Support products in the field by working with customers and technical support representatives (light travel may be required). Support clients and internal users on new product releases and features. Skills Required: Top-notch .NET/MVC development skills (C#). Experience designing and developing multi-tenant SaaS products. Demonstrated leadership and mentoring experience. Excellent interpersonal skills and oral/written communication. Ability to handle challenging situations and multiple tasks simultaneously while performing within tight time constraints. Lead Software Engineer (.NET) Technical Skills: Minimum 10 years end-to-end web development experience. Minimum 5 years experience with the C# and web frameworks such as .NET MVC. Familiarity with other server-side language such as PHP (preferred) Java or Ruby. Familiarity with client-side technologies including but not limited to HTML, CSS and Javascript libraries such as JQuery. Experience with HTML5 and responsive web design preferred. Minimum 5 years experience with relational database design and development (SQL Server preferred). Experience working in agile programming environment. Education and Experience: Four-year college degree in Computer Science or a related field, or equivalent experience is required.	Lead Software Engineer (.NET)	Smith & Keller	New York	NY	New York, NY	Smith & Keller	Tue, 15 Sep 2015 10:04:33 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=6e0cdc78f06cc7e7&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1OK53TFnuE8MZh1JxFN180JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3keq3er19sj3jr
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	RESPONSIBILITIES: Kforce is seeking candidates for our client in Florham Park, New Jersey. This is a great opportunity to work in a R&amp;D lab environment. Our client is looking for candidates with a passion to solve tough challenges through innovation and the application of technology Responsibilities: In the lab, will be performing R&amp;D to: Create novel wireless communications and situational awareness systems using standards based and custom communications protocols. Create unique systems for use in air, land and maritime environments Employ advanced signal and protocol processing, channel modeling and waveform design from HF to W band and optical frequencies as well Join a fast-moving, high-performing multidisciplinary team with a record of success and opportunity for advancement You will develop advanced protocol processing and processing algorithms for unique applications. The programs are for applied research and technology in an advanced networking and communication organization Position Responsibilities: Apply and perform systems analysis, modeling and simulation of processing systems and demonstrate systems via simulated and/or real data input Perform functional analysis, performance analysis and synthesis of protocol implementations (including physical transmission convergence and higher layer) for Radio and Core Access Technologies Conceptualize, define, design, and prototype complex systems engineering solutions May lead a team of engineers to accomplish a similar task Work with upper-level engineers to identify need for improvement and work on implementing solutions to meet those needs REQUIREMENTS: Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or Electrical Engineering and 6-8 years of experience or an equivalent combination of skills, education and experience. Master's degree preferred Experience coding in C/C++ Understand the wireless protocol stacks for GSM, LTD,and 3G UMTS/CDMA Applicants selected will be subject to a government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information Working knowledge of radio access, core network, interface protocol and the call flows over these interfaces Experience in 3GPP/IEEE/ANSI/ITU/ETSI Wireless and Trunked mobile radio protocols and survey tools Demonstrated ability to rapidly prototype protocols and applications Demonstrated knowledge of object oriented architecture, programming and programming methods Experience with Linux Demonstrated ability to leverage open source programs, rapid integration methods, web interfaces and services implementation, XML implementation methods Object oriented architecture, programming and programming methods required Demonstrated experience or knowledge of software methods - from those that are highly formal requiring extensive documentation and reviews to 'extreme' programming techniques Excellent communication and interpersonal skills 	Software / Wireless Protocols Engineer	Kforce	Florham Park	NJ	Florham Park, NJ	Kforce	Fri, 02 Oct 2015 18:45:35 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=65e18d7dd561ae46&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1OK53TFnuE8MZh1JxFN180JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3keq3er19sj3jr
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Develop services, systems and tools using mostly C#, ASP.NET MVC and SQL Server Full Stack .Net Software Engineer – CONTRACT – New York, NY Full Stack .Net Software Engineer Summary &amp; Skills: As a full stack software engineer, you’ll develop innovative technologies that are changing the Alternative Asset Management industry. You’ll work with other engineers and business analysts to design, build, deploy, and support the core business Innovation's suite of applications. You’ll tackle a variety of problems ranging from optimizing data retrieval performance to scaling out infrastructure or bringing complex systems together. You’ll devise elegant solutions, and put your own best ideas to work in an entrepreneurial environment inside one of the world's most successful companies. Develop services, systems and tools using mostly C#, ASP.NET MVC and SQL Server Lead and participate in technical, design and operations reviews throughout the development cycle Identify areas of the business which could be streamlined through the application of technology Build and share reusable components Automate everything Grow the team by sharing your specialized skills Qualifications: My client is seeking to hire individuals who are highly motivated, intelligent and have demonstrated excellence in prior endeavors. Qualified candidates will possess: A B.S. in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or similar A desire to learn and adapt to new technologies A self-starting, entrepreneurial attitude Object-oriented programming experience in any language A desire to keep improving Pluses include experience with JavaScript / JavaScript frameworks (jQuery, underscore, knockout, d3) CSS / SASS / Coffee Source control Database technologies .NET / C# / ASP.NET Follow us on our BLOG to see more jobs like this: http://ny.vereduscorp.com/ Why Veredus? Candidates work with a professional Recruiter whose average experience is eight years in the industry. That means they have intimate knowledge of the Information Technology industry and market trends - who is in demand now and who will be next. Your Veredus Recruiter will lead you through a thorough screening process in order to understand your skills, experience, needs, and desires. They also counsel their candidates in resume writing, interviewing, and career planning so when there’s a position you really want, you’re fully prepared to get it. Additionally, if the position is a consulting opportunity Veredus provides full benefits starting Day 1, and at virtually no cost to you. Medical Dental Vision 401K Life Insurance ($20,000 benefit) ATOP - Accrued Time Off Program Consultant Lunches and Outings Consultant Web-Site Name Plates Care packages/Survival packs Dedicated Consulting Services Representative Veredus has been recognized as one of the “Best Staffing Firms to Work For” by Staffing Industry Analysts the last 3 years in a row. Nervous about an upcoming interview Want to be as prepared as possible Click on the link below and you will have access to the Veredus Interview Prep Video - culled from hundreds of years of collective experience in preparing candidates for that all important job interview: http://vereduscorp.com/career-center/ Veredus Corporation is an EEO/Affirmative Action Employer M/F/D/V. Drug testing may be required; please contact Recruiter for more information.	Full Stack .NET Software Engineer	Veredus	New York	NY	New York, NY	Veredus	Wed, 16 Sep 2015 07:46:58 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=b4bb4243be903c41&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1OK53TFnuE8MZh1JxFN180JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3keq3er19sj3jr
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Job Title: Sr. Software Engineer Job Location: Rockleigh, NJ Job Type: Full time/ Permanent REQUIREMENTS Client is looking for a Software Engineer to be an integral member of their device management software platform. Must have experience with C#, .Net, C++. Must have experience in programming interactions with hardware devices or in writing firmware. WPF experience is a plus. Experience with protocol specifications and analysis is a plus. At least 2 years industry experience or significant programming achievements are needed. S. Computer Engineering, Computer Science or equivalent Required experience: C#, .Net, C++, MVVM: 5 years 	Sr. Software Engineer	Prospance inc	Rockleigh	NJ	Rockleigh, NJ	Indeed	Mon, 17 Aug 2015 22:31:26 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=75783ac48da1331d&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1OK53TFnuE8MZh1JxFN180JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3keq3er19sj3jr
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	We’re looking for extremely talented, passionate and resourceful a Software Engineer – PHP that want to join a collaborative, humorous and hard-working team of developers that really believe in what they’re building – someone who loves the thrill of working with an awesome startup where they can build systems that are so good they want to brag about them! Responsibilities for Software Engineer – PHP Building out next generation e-commerce platforms and systems Analyzing application performance Identifying and resolving application and database bottlenecks Writing SQL queries and data modelling for real time reporting Skills &amp; Requirements for Software Engineer – PHP Gotta Have Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science/Engineering preferred or combined equivalent of education and/or experience 5+ years of experience developing database driven web applications, and solid experience in the latest web technologies, including PHP 5.x, MySQL, XML, CSS3, JSON and JQuery 3+ years of OOP/MVC PHP programming 2+ years developing test driven code using tools such as (PHPUnit, Jenkins, etc) Solid experience working within LAMP environment Experience in developing database driven web applications, combining back-end database with frontend integration. Hope you Have Experience with Zend Framework Experience developing web services A passion for learning and experimentation. While our core is PHP, we like to use the tool for the job. Want to build a subsystem with Redis, Gearman, NodeJS, or StatsD? Go for it! A strong portfolio of web-oriented projects.* Guru Skills Amazing “can-do” attitude Tireless energy &amp; motivation Able to leap from one activity to the next – without breaking a sweat! Able to “go with the flow” – very zen! 	Software Engineer – PHP (160K)	Smith & Keller	New York	NY	New York, NY	Smith & Keller	Tue, 15 Sep 2015 10:03:41 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=1de28a5c2501975c&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1OK53TFnuE8MZh1JxFN180JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3keq3er19sj3jr
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	In a time where people are canceling their cable TV subscriptions in favor of online streaming media, there's a NYC technology startup responsible for over 94 billion plays and over 4 billion hours of streaming video watched last year. Their video player is currently deployed on over 2 million web properties and streams nearly 5% of all internet video. They recently created a mobile streaming platform and are looking for an Android Engineer to take ownership of developing their Android SDK. Your work will enable native app developers to build streaming video functionality into their apps. This company's product is the third most used streaming video player (only behind YouTube and Facebook) so your work will be immediately deployed to a massive audience. Requirements: 2+ years of Android app or SDK development experience Knowledge of some of the following: Java, Python, JavaScript, HTML, Git, Jenkins, C++ BS, MS, or PHD in Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics, or a related field of study 	Android Software Engineer - Streaming Video SDK	HiringCatalyst	New York	NY	New York, NY	Breezy HR	Mon, 02 Nov 2015 19:53:20 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=61cc7e60fbded611&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1OK53TFnuE8MZh1JxFN180JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3keq3er19sj3jr
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Job Title: Senior Software Engineer - API - Scala, AKKA, Play Job Location: New York Job Type: Full Time Job Description: Company is hiring Software Engineers to help us innovate in the way we develop our industry-leading communications monitoring and analytics service platform for the financial industry. Organization Vault is a startup within the company Enterprise group. Their infrastructure processes over 250 million messages per day and our archive manages over 80 billion communications objects ranging from e-mail to voice recordings. They believe in building the best cloud-services for our customers using the best tools for the job and They’re looking for developers who want to have an impact in the financial industry. We are using open source technologies including: Java, Scala, Play Framework, Accumulo, Hadoop, jQuery, Docker IO. Must have: A hands-on problem solver with excellent software design and implementation skills using scalable REST web services in Scala/Java (7,8) using Akka/Play. Solid experience with OO driven development and frameworks similar to Play Solid experience working with HTML5, AJAX, CSS and front-end technologies Experience as component owner making significant contributions to code, architecture, performance, robustness and reliability. A self-starter who brings energy, passion and creativity to work every day. Desired Skills: BA/BS in Computer Science, related degree, or strong comparable experience. 5+ years of professional software development experience. Experience developing modern enterprise or REST applications using languages like Scala/Java/Python etc. Knowledge of RDBMs like MySQL, data modeling, SQL tuning and optimization Familiarity with NoSQL data stores like Accumulo, Solr, Redis or Memcache 	Senior Software Engineer - API - Scala, AKKA, Play	MSH Group	New York	NY	New York, NY	MSH Group	Thu, 17 Sep 2015 05:22:05 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=0d542e319af83aed&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1OK53TFnuE8MZh1JxFN180JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3keq3er19sj3jr
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	The Senior Software Engineer will be accountable for leading a small team as well as developing and maintaining key modules of the V12 Group's suite of SaaS applications. The Engineer will be working on a variety of applications and next generation products as well as working on a team of top developers with cutting edge technologies. Responsibilities • Design, develop and modify modules based on functional and system requirements • Work closely with Product Owner for understanding the functional and system requirements • Provide feedback during design and code peer reviews • Adhere to software team's established processes and tools • Participate in sprint planning and estimating • Contribute ideas for process improvement, including coding practices, standards and tools • Work closely with Software Engineers to ensure architectural integrity and product quality • Mentor junior engineers in development methodologies and best practices • Engage in continuous self-improvement of technical and communications skills • Solid understanding of OOP/OOD Principles • Participate in testing process through unit testing and bug fixes • Strong ability to debug code quickly and efficiently • Maintain awareness of deadlines and priorities • All other duties as assigned Skills &amp; Requirements Position Requirements Formal Education &amp; Certification • BS/BA degree in Computer Science, Information Systems or related field Like to Haves • 4-6+ years in a working environment • Experience leading a team • HTML5 / CSS3 / JavaScript • JQuery / knockoutjs / AngularJS • C# • ASP.NET MVC • Basic Design Patterns (Factory, Repository, Singleton, UnitOfWork, Dependency Injection) • Team leadership/Scrum Master • Experience organizing and coordinating programming tasks assigned to other Software Engineers • Experience monitoring project status, technical leadership, mentoring and providing insight within the Software Engineering department Other valuable skills • ADO.NET / ORM: Entity Framework, NHibernate • SQL Server Databases (SQL Queries, Stored Procedures, Database Triggers) • Agile/Scrum methodologies • Familiarity building multithreaded applications • Experience with modern Internet APIs, protocols, and patterns including REST, JSON, XML • WCF, WebAPI 2, Web Services (REST, SOAP) • Embrace a test-driven development (TDD) approach, leveraging unit test tools such as JUnit and NUnit (BTT nice to have) Personal Attributes • Experience at working both independently and in a team-oriented, collaborative environment is essential • Analytical and problem-solving capabilities • Strong attention to detail and ability to multi-task • Ability to work under tight project deadlines About V12 Group If you’re looking for a company where you can work hard, have fun, get inspired, and be well compensated then we’re looking for you. V12 Group is proof that you don’t have to choose between the inflexibility of corporate culture and the uncertainty of a startup. Enjoy a comprehensive benefits package, generous vacation time, and a highly competitive salary all in an environment that promotes creativity and innovation. Headquartered in Red Bank, NJ, V12 Group is a two-time honoree of NJBIZ’s Best Places to Work in New Jersey. Since 2002, V12 Group has been providing customers, clients, and users of Launchpad, our marketing cloud, with leading technology, quality data, and an unparalleled customer experience. You don’t have to travel to Silicon Valley to join a leading technology company; you just have to apply. Contact us today to learn more about V12 Group, our team, and your future. Check out our corporate site at: http://www.v12groupinc.com/ As well as our Launchpad Marketing Cloud at: https://launchpadcloud.com/ \	Senior Software Engineer/Marketing-Technology company with latest technologies!	V12 Group	Red Bank	NJ	Red Bank, NJ	StackOverflow Jobs	Thu, 29 Oct 2015 20:48:03 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=bd5b20bfc29b3c90&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1OK53TFnuE8MZh1JxFN180JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3keq3er19sj3jr
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	DESCRIPTION: Catchpoint Systems is in need of a Back-End Software Engineer who will play an essential role in developing our data analytics platform, which is a distributed, multi-threaded, fault tolerant system. The Engineer will often work with and enhance our custom NoSQL DB, which is used for populating, aggregating, and extracting very large data, to be used by our clients for reporting &amp; alerting. EXPERIENCE: 3+ years of experience in either C#, C++, or Java 3+ years of experience in writing multi-threaded applications and services Big Data Processing Deep understanding of SQL, and design patterns Building and maintaining unit/functional/integration tests Writing client server applications Familiarity with: Developing and integrating with WCF and/or other Webservice frameworks Understanding of .NET Frameworks Addressing and Troubleshooting network issues Database management LINQ REQUIREMENTS: BS or MS degree in Computer Science or related major COMPENSATION: We offer great benefits along with a stable and professional work environment, health insurance, and stock options. OVERVIEW: Catchpoint Systems offers wide-ranging and easy-to-use web monitoring tools that allow businesses to discover and fix problems with their websites before they impact end users, ultimately saving revenue and time, and preserving their brand in the eyes of consumers. Using Catchpoint’s customizable dashboards, analytics capabilities, and innovative alerting system, DevOps professionals can rest easy knowing that their synthetic monitoring needs are taken care of, and that their sites’ speed, availability, and reliability are maximized. At the same time, Catchpoint’s Real User Measurement solution ensures that the sites’ critical conversion paths are optimized to the fullest extent. Over 250 clients, including major brands such as Comcast, LinkedIn, Overstock, TripAdvisor, Wayfair, Priceline, and more have realized the benefit of Catchpoint as a third party monitoring solution. The key to our value is the end-to-end visibility of the complete user experience that our clients are able to access. With 12 different monitor types, including browser, DNS, API, SSH, transaction, network path, and a number of others, Catchpoint users can synthetically monitor from 400+ locations around the world, getting real-time analytics across a broad variety of functionalities that make up their sites.	Software Engineer (Data Platform)	Catchpoint Systems	New York	NY	New York, NY	Catchpoint Systems	Mon, 03 Aug 2015 06:20:16 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=4e862e4420804738&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1OK53TFnuE8MZh1JxFN180JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3keq3er19sj3jr
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Quidsi Inc., is a subsidiary of Amazon and entrepreneurial parent company to Diapers.com, Soap.com, BeautyBar.com, Wag.com, Yoyo.com, Look.com, Afterschool.com, Casa.com and Vinemarket.com. We are a mom-centric retail technology company. We deliver delightful experiences, products, and expertise by offering a curated selection of products, lightning-fast delivery, incredible customer service, and an easy-to-navigate shopping experience. Quidsi’s sites are host to millions of daily visitors and our warehouses are run by hundreds of autonomous Kiva robots. Our entire operation from our websites/apps, to our fulfillment centers and customer care center is focused on creating an enjoyable end-to-end customer experience. To get there, we need exceptionally talented, bright and driven people who are energized by "what if" (the meaning of Quidsi in Latin). If you'd like to help us build the place where people can find and buy anything online, come and innovate with us! We are building a high caliber technology team consisting of the brightest minds who raise the bar and enjoy being vigorously challenged. The ideal candidate is passionate about design and architecture with an unwavering commitment to code quality. The Senior Software Development Engineer is an idea generator who offers innovative solutions through a combination of creative thinking and deep understanding of the problem space. Projects will leverage Amazon’s technological capabilities and platforms to make Quidsi’s solutions compelling, unique and sustainable. Responsibilities : · Propose, prototype and evaluate multiple areas of optimization for our e-commerce applications and mobile-optimized sites · Build high availability/ high reliability software on time · Construct secure, scalable, and low-latency services and mobile applications · Provide hands-on code contribution and shipping responsibility - libraries, API's, documentation · Partner with Marketing, Merchandising and other business stakeholders to define functional solutions for business problems Basic Qualifications · Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or a related field or corresponding experience equaling 4 year degree · 5+ years experience in at least one of the following modern programming languages: Java, C#, C++, Python, Ruby, Scala, Groovy or any other modern non-scripting language · Minimum of 2 years of web applications/services experience Preferred Qualifications · Building highly-available distributed systems on a cloud infrastructure (e.g. AWS) · Delivering low-latency, consumer-internet-scale web services · Experience working with, or an interest in Agile Methodologies, such as Extreme Programming (XP) and Scrum · Strong OO skills, Computer Science fundamentals in data structures and algorithm design · Training and mentoring the engineering community on complex technical issues · Managing expectations, meeting firm deadlines and thriving in a dynamic work environment · Problem solving and complexity analysis · Strong verbal and written communication skills · Maintaining a sense of humor Quidsi Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer-Affirmative Action Employer Female/Minority/Disability/Vet .tch1.qds.crp.	Lead Software Development Engineer – Quidsi, Amazon Subsidiary	Quidsi, Inc.	Jersey City	NJ	Jersey City, NJ	Amazon.com	Fri, 14 Aug 2015 05:17:09 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=102593e6fa6a8039&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1OK53TFnuE8MZh1JxFN180JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3keq3er19sj3jr
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Crestron is the world's leading manufacturer of advanced control and automation systems, innovating technology and reinventing the way people live and work. Offering integrated solutions to control audio, video, computer, IP and environmental systems, Crestron streamlines technology, improving the quality of life for people in corporate boardrooms, conference rooms, classrooms, auditoriums, and in their homes. Crestron's software test team is seeking a talented and self-motivated engineer with software and/or software testing experience in a hardware environment who can apply his/her expertise to testing our software products in order to assure quality and stability prior to deployment. Responsibilities: Formulate test strategies for new and existing software products Design, develop and update test plans and test cases as needed Execute test plans, report results and create problem reports when applicable Position Requirements: BS in Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering or Computer Science Minimum of 3 years of software and/or software testing experience within a hardware environment Strong troubleshooting and debugging skills Able to multi-task effectively Methodical and detail-oriented Able to work independently as well as within a team Excellent verbal and written communication skills Must be able to work in the U.S. without sponsorship Preferred: System level testing experience Crestron knowledge Skills and Education Requirements: BS in Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering or Computer Science Minimum of 3 years of software and/or software testing experience within a hardware environment Strong troubleshooting and debugging skills Able to multi-task effectively Methodical and detail-oriented Able to work independently as well as within a team Excellent verbal and written communication skills 	Software Quality Engineer	Crestron Electronics	Rockleigh	NJ	Rockleigh, NJ	Crestron Electronics	Tue, 25 Aug 2015 00:11:26 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=d44c0739efedd046&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1OK53TFnuE8MZh1JxFN180JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3keq3er19sj3jr
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Crestron is the world's leading manufacturer of advanced control and automation systems, innovating technology and reinventing the way people live and work. Offering integrated solutions to control audio, video, computer, IP and environmental systems, Crestron streamlines technology, improving the quality of life for people in corporate boardrooms, conference rooms, classrooms, auditoriums, and in their homes. Crestron's software test team is seeking a talented and self-motivated engineer with software and/or software testing experience in a hardware environment who can apply his/her expertise to testing our software products in order to assure quality and stability prior to deployment. Responsibilities: Formulate test strategies for new and existing software products Design, develop and update test plans and test cases as needed Execute test plans, report results and create problem reports when applicable Position Requirements: BS in Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering or Computer Science Minimum of 3 years of software and/or software testing experience within a hardware environment Strong troubleshooting and debugging skills Able to multi-task effectively Methodical and detail-oriented Able to work independently as well as within a team Excellent verbal and written communication skills Must be able to work in the U.S. without sponsorship Preferred: System level testing experience Crestron knowledge Skills and Education Requirements: BS in Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering or Computer Science Minimum of 3 years of software and/or software testing experience within a hardware environment Strong troubleshooting and debugging skills Able to multi-task effectively Methodical and detail-oriented Able to work independently as well as within a team Excellent verbal and written communication skills 	Software Quality Engineer	Crestron	Rockleigh	NJ	Rockleigh, NJ	Crestron	Mon, 24 Aug 2015 22:41:41 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=7078e88edbd09003&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1OK53TFnuE8MZh1JxFN180JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3keq3er19sj3jr
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	We are looking for a skilled iOS Developer with a passion for building simple user interfaces on top of complex systems. The ideal candidate contributes not only to the code, but also to the entire product vision. Experience 6+ months experience with Swift. Experience with Swift on a project in the App Store or Enterprise project preferred. Ability to develop against a variety of web architectures and services (HTTP, SOAP, REST, etc.) Knowledge of scripting languages (Ruby, Perl, Python, BASH, etc.) Experience with C++, Java, Android SDK, and Swift Javascript experience with an MVC framework and Bower, NPM, Grunt Experience integrating web services and social platforms (XML, JSON, REST, OAuth, Facebook, Twitter, Foursquare, etc.) Experience at the user interface and application levels Experience with databases (SQL, Core Data, etc.) Experience with common iOS frameworks like AFNetworking a plus, Swift frameworks such AlamoFire and SnapKit a plus Qualifications Strong object-oriented programming and design skills Cocoa or Cocoa-Touch development experience Passion for product quality and attention to detail Excellent communication skills Performance analysis and tuning experience including memory usage, CPU utilization, leak checking, etc. Excellent debugging skills to solve challenging problems Bonus Experience implementing Notification services including Urban Airship Experience with Passbook generation and integration	Senior Software Engineer Mobile Platforms - iOS Developer	R/GA	New York	NY	New York, NY	R/GA	Thu, 13 Aug 2015 21:28:58 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=1da430c1649f16af&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa1OK53TFnuE8MZh1JxFN180JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3keq3er19sj3jr
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Our Software Engineers are extraordinarily passionate and driven by technology. We thrive on designing simple and scalable solutions to complex problems and delivering leading edge software products for our customers. At Dealertrack technologies we are looking for exceptionally ambitious and communicative hands-on individuals who are comfortable working in fast-paced environments and who have passion and skills to take our product offering to the next level. Job Overview: As a Senior Software Engineer, you will work in a collaborative team environment that encourages you to perform at your best, and challenges you to engineer elegant solutions for complex business problems. You will architect, design and develop robust software systems with unit and systems testing. You will need to be able to quickly learn and use new technologies, troubleshoot difficult problems and be an expert with the software lifecycle including scoping and estimation of requirements along with writing of technical documentation. Technology we use: Github Enterprise, Continuous Integration, Jenkins, Python, Django, Celery, Django Rest Framework, SQLAlchemy, Redis, MongoDB and vagrant. We make use of modern processes and technologies wherever possible, including Github Pull Requests for code review, continuous deployment to our test environments, strict adherence to best practices, recommended code style and layout (PEP-8) and a strong drive around unit testing all our code. This gives us the confidence and ability to make significant refactoring changes across a large codebase quickly, without fear of having broken some code somewhere else. Responsibilities: •Coding of SaaS applications in an Agile development environment •Developing automated tests, predicting areas of risk, and coordinating with our QA staff to achieve the best blend of error prevention and error detection possible •Collaborate with other developers on best practices, code reviews, internal tools and process improvements •Guide, coach and mentor team members as required, assisting in the team’s skills development during software development projects •Ability to work independently; designing, developing and deploying solutions, and to deliver projects on time with minimal direction Skills and Experience: BA/BS degree in Computer Science or related field At least 7+ years of Web development experience Strong Python development skills Proven track record designing and implementing web applications with highly optimized and scalable architectures. Experience with Django Solid understanding of web services and message passing architecture Knowledge of jBoss or other Java Application Servers Experience developing in a Linux environment Ability and desire to learn new skills and technologies Ability to work independently; designing, developing and deploying solutions, and to deliver projects on time with minimal direction Excellent verbal and written communication skills Proficiency in object oriented design and development Experience using source control (Git, Mercurial), IDEs, and defect tracking tools Experience developing in a Linux environment Ability and desire to learn new skills and technologies Ability to work independently; designing, developing and deploying solutions, and to deliver projects on time with minimal direction Excellent verbal and written communication skills Proficiency in object oriented design and development Experience using source control (Git, Mercurial), IDEs, and defect tracking tools DealerTrack Company Culture: Dealertrack is a dynamic, innovative technology company that revolutionized the automotive retail industry with the first online finance and credit application network in 2001. Our state-of-the-art, web-based solutions are embraced by all major segments of the automotive retailing trade including dealers, financing sources, original equipment manufacturers (OEMs), third-party retailers, agents and aftermarket providers, fueling our tremendous growth. At Dealertrack we believe that our uncompromising technology and services are powered by the collaboration of our talented staff, join us in taking our product offerings to the next level. To view all of our open positions go to www.dealertrack.com/portal/careers-home and follow us on twitter @DT_Careers to get the latest updates on new opportunities.	Principal Software Engineer - Python	Dealertrack Technologies, Inc.	Lake Success	NY	Lake Success, NY	Dealertrack	Wed, 02 Sep 2015 23:44:00 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=65c63ab2e0a984a7&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXbzlUXXGXB-wBba4UkGH96we8ubG5c-dT2ygNt1kB_tqJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3keq9ej1a4l12a
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Location: New York, NY Job Description We are looking for an experienced and professional Software Engineer to join our growing team. If you meet our background requirements and have a desire to work for a great company that takes care of its employees, this Software Engineer may be the ideal opportunity for you! MTS 2 Software Engineer Job Responsibilities Write high-quality, high-performance, maintainable full stack code for our Java/Java EE based product Participate as technical lead in the full Software Development Life Cycle (Agile/Scrum), iterative development, estimations and design sessions Lead architecture discussions in planning stage on architectural design of projects. Own product design by facilitating design reviews and staying abreast of design standards and incorporate into product design. Work closely with Product Managers, Software Engineers, Operations, and Quality Assurance Engineers in a collaborative environment to provide quality software and solutions. Partner with Product Manager to influence product future Maintain and champion our engineering culture: perform design and code review, introduce new tools and methods, give "brown bag" presentations, etc. MTS 2 Software Engineer Job Requirements Education: BSCS or BSEE or Other Related 4yr Technical Degree 2+ to 5 years' experience Minimum Education - Bachelor's Degree MTS 2 Software Engineer Benefits Our hires are treated to competitive pay and an excellent benefits package. To learn more about pay and benefits, please apply today! MTS 2 Software Engineer Company Overview The JAG Group is dedicated to provide effective medical staffing solutions for healthcare organizations and in offering practice opportunities and alternatives for the healthcare professionals we serve. The JAG Group is a member of NAPS (National Association of Personnel Services) and GAPS (Georgia Association of Personnel Services). Matching qualified healthcare professionals with medical practices and hospitals across the USA in need of healthcare employment is what we do best! Derrick Green The JAG Group www.thejaggroup.com jobs@thejaggroup.com 404-874-3624 direct 877-843-5244, Ext 24 678-904-7808 fax	MTS 2 Software Engineer	The Jag Group	New York	NY	New York, NY	The JAG Group	Sun, 13 Sep 2015 09:23:00 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=d3c47cd25b53e6b6&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXbzlUXXGXB-wBba4UkGH96we8ubG5c-dT2ygNt1kB_tqJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3keq9ej1a4l12a
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Job Requirements Looking for Full Stack Software Engineers with excellent coding skills and an Ad Tech background to help build a native advertising platform Strong experience with REST architecture/ development and full stack Java development. Relocation Assistance Available - Possible for ideal candidate Please submit your resume for consideration only if you meet requirements and qualifications. PLEASE SEND RESUME TO: aparker@snelling-atlanta.com	MTS 2, Software Engineer -NY0914	Snelling - Lilburn	New York	NY	New York, NY	Snelling Staffing Services	Mon, 14 Sep 2015 17:07:53 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=cad0bc178b13369f&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXbzlUXXGXB-wBba4UkGH96we8ubG5c-dT2ygNt1kB_tqJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3keq9ej1a4l12a
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	· Master’s and/or Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering or equivalent. · 5+ years of professional experience developing user facing apps in Objective-C/Swift for iOS and Java/C for Android. · Experience with AVFoundation, CoreGraphics, CoreMedia, MediaPlayer &amp; UIKit frameworks in iOS · Experience with XCode to build apps for iOS and OS X and used Instruments to find memory leaks, optimize your apps. · Great experience with Data Structures and Algorithms. · You have built apps for multiple form factors (iPhone 4, iPhone 6, 6+, iPad Air etc) from an idea and have launched them on the AppStore. · Solid experience with Android and enjoy writing apps for Android Phones and tablets. · Experience withAndroid Activity LifeCycle and have used Fragments. · Experience building apps that use JNI (Java Native Interface) and have a deep understanding about Java memory management and garbage collection in Android. · You can write readable, maintainable, performant object-oriented Java Email resume in Word to JeffAltman@TheBigGameHunter.us. Please include the job code for the position with your resume. NOTE: WE WILL ONLY RESPOND IF YOUR RESUME APPEARS TO FIT A ROLE NO PAID RELOCATION. NO OVERSEAS RESUMES. NO 3RD PARTIES. Applicants for employment in the US must possess work authorization which does not require sponsorship from the employer for a visa. To receive a complimentary subscription to my job search ezine, No B.S. Job Search Advice, go to www.TheBigGameHunter.usto subscribe. Listen to "Job Search Radio" on WebTalkRadio.net or in iTunes and other podcast directories. Want to ask me questions via phone, Skype or Facetime? Have your job search questions answered. The Big Game Hunter is a professional search firm and coaching service that helps people find superior opportunities and firms locate superior talent. In addition, we generate an extraordinary amount of information to help job hunters, recruiting professionals and hiring managers be more effective. Visit http://www.TheBigGameHunter.us	Senior Mobile Software Engineer	The Big Game Hunter	Hackensack	NJ	Hackensack, NJ	The Big Game Hunter	Tue, 20 Oct 2015 05:07:53 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=caa2bfafd6ea984e&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXbzlUXXGXB-wBba4UkGH96we8ubG5c-dT2ygNt1kB_tqJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3keq9ej1a4l12a
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Job Title: Senior Software Engineer, Android Discipline: Software Engineering Reports to: Director of Engineering, Mobile Apps Location: Seattle, WA or New York, NY Job Profile: Build rich, dynamic, cross-platform native mobile applications for Android and iOS devices. Work hand-in-hand with the design team to implement interfaces that look beautiful and adapt dynamically to all form factors. Architect complex UI interactions that push the boundaries of multi-touch interfaces. Implement animations and transitions that make experiences on mobile phones and tablets come to life. Establish infrastructure and practices for code reuse across development environments. Responsibilities: Execute on a software architecture and development plan to implement new features and products Write code to tackle challenging technical problems with a focus on readability, maintainability, performance, and quality Propose novel solutions to design and technical challenges Communicate effectively with your team and other product disciplines, raising issues early and offering solutions Develop all software according to coding standards and processes Perform reviews of other engineers’ code, designs, and architectures Make use of unit and integration tests wherever possible Mentor junior engineers Participate in the interview process for new team members Invent technology and infrastructure to share complex or platform agnostic software components across development ecosystems Advise other engineers, designers, and management on mobile application development for Android devices Requirements: BS degree in Computer Science or related field, or equivalent practical experience 4+ years of relevant work experience A solid foundation in computer science, with strong competencies in data structures, algorithms, and software design An extensive knowledge of Android application development, having developed and deployed at least one commercial Android application through the Google Play store Proven, self-motivated engineer with a track record of creating production-quality mobile applications Posses a strong passion for building custom user experiences Able to work effectively in a cross-disciplinary environment, particularly with designers Able to create a development plan for a given feature set, estimate its tasks, and execute on those tasks in an efficient manner Working knowledge of the iOS development platform is a plus Expert in C++, Objective-C, or Java Proficient with Git or similar revision control systems We Offer: Medical, Dental, Vision, 401(K) Life Insurance Commuter Benefits Corporate discounts through AnyPerk Catered in-office lunches twice weekly and fully stocked pantry Flexible Time Off Policy Employee Equity Program 	Sr Software Engineer, Android	FiftyThree	New York	NY	New York, NY	FiftyThree	Sun, 16 Aug 2015 21:48:28 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=5dfb38c6d0c7c9e9&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXbzlUXXGXB-wBba4UkGH96we8ubG5c-dT2ygNt1kB_tqJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3keq9ej1a4l12a
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Immediate need for Sr.Dot Net Developer Polaris Full time - Work Permit Green Card USAH1B Transfer End Customer - Banking Finanacial Client Excellent written oral communication skill. These will be needed to participate in weekly daily monthly calls with On-site customer managers. Passion for learning and rapid iteration Handle multiple assignments simultaneously Flexible and dedicated to work with distributed teams Should be willing to learn, scale-up and take individual responsibility to completion Should be flexible and be ready to work on different technologies as required by the business. Some of the applications and its related technologies might be legacy. Should have exposure in SDLC life cycle. With practical knowledge of how each of these development phases get executed. Preferably should have worked on at least one major project implementation. Knowledge of distributed working environment including 3-tiered and n-tiered architecture is needed. end Client is highly distributed process driven environment. Previous experience in working with major banks or distributed business implementations will add value There will be distributed vendor technology teams involved and the team member should be able to work along with them in coordinating and implementing deliverable additional skills Jquery, Javascript, Ajax, XSLT , Stylesheet Immediate need for Sr.Dot Net Developer Polaris Full time - Green Card /USA/H1B Transfer 84+ Months of experience in Dotnet, C# ,ASP.NET , SQL Server, SSIS and BI Skills	Senior Software Engineer	Polaris Software Lab Inc	Piscataway	NJ	Piscataway, NJ	Dice	Thu, 15 Oct 2015 03:00:41 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=90b60773c40a7d12&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXbzlUXXGXB-wBba4UkGH96we8ubG5c-dT2ygNt1kB_tqJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3keq9ej1a4l12a
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Description BD (Becton, Dickinson and Company), a leading global medical technology company, is seeking a senior principal software engineer to oversee all aspects of design, architecture, and development of web-based services for BD’s healthcare IT projects. They assume the technical leadership of entire projects and champion technical and architectural excellence. This candidate will have a passion for building robust, well-architected solutions and takes scalability and maintainability very seriously. The candidate should be passionate about great software, and enjoy the details involved with the long-term outlook of technology strategy. The position is an exciting opportunity to make a meaningful, positive impact on patients throughout world by leveraging the cutting edge technologies. This role offers competitive relocation compensation and the opportunity for partial remote work. Duties and Responsibilities: Supervise and lead the activities of an agile software development team Plan, architect and implement full stack front and backend applications in a high-volume environment on Microsoft and related technologies (.NET, C#, MVC, WebAPI, IIS, SQL Server, Azure, and JavaScript) Champion technical and architectural excellence; Ensure correct technology choices and champion exceptionally high standards in terms of adherence to best practices; Lead by example in terms of code consistency, performance, robustness, intuitive APIs, all of which are core tenets for solutions Implement modern DevOps processes for continuous software delivery Set and enforce development standards and practices throughout the organization Collaborate and provide technical and design guidance and suggestions within the team and department Guide and mentor; perform peer code reviews and architectural reviews Assume technical ownership of entire projects, feature sets and modules without needing daily oversight Oversee and monitor projects and initiatives for technical and architectural soundness Perform discovery and estimation of epics, stories and tasks in Scrum projects Qualifications Bachelor's or Master's degree in Computer Science or related field 5+ years of professional experience in software engineering 2 yrs of C#, ASP.NET, MVC, WebAPI Proficiency with multi-tiered, web/cloud architectures A strong computer science background and solid experience with object oriented design and programming A passion for writing polished, well-architected code Well versed in web, backend and database software development principles Experience in agile software development teams Intimate familiarity with patterns and practices of the Microsoft web technology stack Implementing and deploying web applications in IIS Database programming and relational schema design for SQL Server Familiarity with Microsoft Azure Job Other Primary Location US-New Jersey-Franklin Lakes Shift First Shift / Day Job Relocation Available No	Senior Principal Software Engineer	Becton Dickinson & Company	Franklin Lakes	NJ	Franklin Lakes, NJ	Becton Dickinson	Thu, 03 Sep 2015 15:30:26 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=e20d4e4c73e6d84a&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXbzlUXXGXB-wBba4UkGH96we8ubG5c-dT2ygNt1kB_tqJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3keq9ej1a4l12a
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Smith &amp; Keller is currently seeking a Software Implementation Engineer to come grow with us in a dynamic and challenging environment to join our team. The team is comprised of talented, creative and dedicated individuals with a passion for delivering innovative solutions to the market. Our client recognizes that every employee’s contributions are integral to the company’s growth and success. To find and acquire the best and brightest talent around the globe, we offer a challenging work environment, competitive compensation and benefits, and rewarding career opportunities. The Software Implementation Engineer will be part of a team performing implementations to thier clients working with financial and banking software. There is coding involved, however this is not building a new product. Each project is somewhat unique – each client environment, processing solution we integrate with and business model is different. This company only looks for the brightest and best! Responsibilities for the Software Implementation Engineer: Develop, enhance, test and implement solutions for the financial services industry Qualifications for the Software Implementation Engineer: Databases: SQL or Data Warehousing, ETL, OLAP Operating systems: Windows and Linux Programming language: Java OR C++, Javascript Web Technologies: HTML, XML, XSL, Servlets Excellent communication skills Excellent written and spoken English Pro-active and Team Oriented approach BS degree in Computer Science or related field Travel required 25% Occasional night/weekend work to move to production Experience for the Software Implementation Engineer: 2+ years experience with a Software Company 	Software Implementation Engineer – SQL	Smith & Keller	New York	NY	New York, NY	Smith & Keller	Tue, 15 Sep 2015 10:03:42 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=b8d2c66251ed654f&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXbzlUXXGXB-wBba4UkGH96we8ubG5c-dT2ygNt1kB_tqJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3keq9ej1a4l12a
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Date: Immediate Location: New York, NY Type: FTE (Full Time Employee) JOB DESCRIPTION Symphony is looking for a senior-level, server-side Java software engineer to support its exponential growth. As a Symphony Backend Engineer, you'll be designing and implementing the cloud-based server-side logic for our secure communications platform. Working closely with Symphony’s industry partners and large financial clients, you will help design and integrate external platforms with Symphony’s enterprise-class, secure, end-to-end encrypted messaging application. Our engineers design and implement utilizing open source stacks (e.g. hbase, kafka, solr), extreme scaling within the cloud, and encryption in transit/at rest. This role is for a strong hands-on software engineer who also has outstanding communications skills. The successful candidate will be ready for a role that includes both directly contributing to the development of Symphony’s platform integration interfaces, and has the strong relationship management and communications skills to work directly with outside organizations to help create a complete technical solution. Why you are needed now: Symphony is a secure messaging startup backed by an array of the world’s leading financial institutions. Our clients and industry partners aim to create rich integrations with the Symphony front-end: Huge customer and industry demand for connections with 3rd party content and integration, and connections to enterprise applications Each one of these features needs to be maintainable, secure, and scalable to a large number of partner integrations Symphony is designed as an open platform which enables widespread integration. Platform integration is core to our product strategy. The problems you will be solving: Provide sophisticated back-end integration hooks to deliver hooks into Symphony’s core messaging platform, supporting integration with secure message “bots,” content and trading platform information feeds, and other server-side applications. Our clients are large, sophisticated global enterprises who seek to integrate Symphony in a complex fashion with their internal systems. Our partners include many application and content providers. Handling these complex stakeholders and delivering a strategic solution is the core of this challenging and crucial role. RESPONSIBILITIES Participate in development of Symphony's Server / Backend Development Work with clients and industry partners to explain how our interfaces work and assist in integrating with Symphony at both an architectural and code level Design, implement and test highly scalable, multi-tier, distributed server software applications Design and implement distributed and highly concurrent Java based enterprise services Create maintainable and scalable features fit for use by demanding enterprise clients QUALIFICATIONS Outstanding technical communications skills and stakeholder management 10+ years experience in a Java server-side software design and development Solid background in fundamentals of computer science and development process Experience developing high quality centralized server based apps Experience with open source frameworks and tools BS or MS degree in Computer Science or a related technical field DESIRED BUT NOT REQUIRED NoSQL and SQL databases Experience deploying server applications on Google App Engine (GAE), Google Compute Engine GCE and Amazon Web Service (AWS) Experience with any of the following: Kafka, Solr, Tomcat, HBase and Hadoop, ZooKeeper, Mongo, Camel Master’s Degree, and Machine learning exposure are a plus Experience with communication and messaging applications Experience with security software and solutions Experience designing and implementing scalable, high performance, server side Java applications Experience with distributed systems, persistence, caching, concurrent programming ABOUT SYMPHONY'S TECHNOLOGY STACK We selected Apache Kafka, Apache Solr, MongoDB and HBase due to their superior distributed nature, performance, reliability, and ability to scale to the volume of data generated by the expected workload. We built out the ReSTFUL web services layer in a stateless manner using Apache Tomcat, meaning capacity could be added linearly, by simply adding more boxes behind the load balancer. The client front end was conceived as a web client that could be delivered on any device, any operating system, anywhere in the world. To build it, we chose HTML5/CSS3, with JQuery, Backbone and Handlebars doing the bulk of the heavy lifting. Symphony's front-end web application uses the modular pattern made popular in CommonJS, which builds each component as a loosely coupled anonymous closure. The core of the JavaScript app handles request transport details, new message notifications and updates, configuration of the UI layout, and much more. These functions are abstracted behind a public sandbox and selectively bundled into modules when the components are loaded. This architecture helps Symphony add new components quickly and seamlessly because they are isolated from each other, and lets developers control exactly how much of the app needs to load—an architecture specifically designed for integration and customization. ABOUT SYMPHONY Designed for the exchange of high-value content, Symphony is a secure communication and workflow platform that improves workplace productivity and connects users to their professional and personal community. Symphony has attracted the world’s top financial institutions with a $66 million investment to develop a scalable, cloud-based and highly secure collaboration and communication platform that will address the enterprise and compliance requirements for the financial services industry. The Symphony platform is intended to be used by some of the most time-conscious firms on the planet who are regularly corresponding high-value information—where a delay of a few seconds can have significant cost implications. Symphony’s secure communication platform will be available to all financial institutions and professionals world-wide in mid-2015. Now we’re looking for top-notch engineers, programmers and marketers (etc.) to join our team in Palo Alto, CA and New York to help us change the way the world communicates. If you have the skills and savvy to work with a world-class team, and an appetite for game-changing disruption, we definitely want to hear from you. COMPENSATION Competitive Base Salary and Incentive (Stock Option) plan / Health/Dental/Vision/401k (We accept existing H1B Visa applicants) Symphony appreciates your interest in our company. Symphony is an Equal Opportunity Employer. SYMPHONY BENEFITS Competitive salary based on experience, skills, and qualifications Medical, Dental, and Vision coverage 401(K) Plan Life and AD&amp;D coverage Short Term and Long Term Disability coverage Employee Assistance Program Flexible Spending Account benefits Uncapped vacation and sick time Fully stocked kitchen and catered lunches Discounted gym memberships Many other fun and exciting benefits and activities! Symphony reserves the right of ownership for all unsolicited resumes submitted for this requisition and is not responsible for any fees associated with unsolicited resumes.	Senior Java Backend Software Engineer – Platform Integration	Symphony Communication Services, LLC	New York	NY	New York, NY	Symphony Communication Services, LLC	Mon, 03 Aug 2015 02:59:09 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=290bc98f9f30f088&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXbzlUXXGXB-wBba4UkGH96we8ubG5c-dT2ygNt1kB_tqJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3keq9ej1a4l12a
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Software Engineer Manufacturer of complex electro-mechanical systems is in need of a talented Software Engineer to participate in all aspects of the design and maintenance of software for their high performance precision products. Full life-cycle software development; programming to include conceptual design, general coding, release to manufacturing testing, and quality assurance. Candidate needs to be able to produce final release software for manufacturing including associated documentation. Candidate needs to demonstrate the ability to use appropriate development tools, compliers, and simulation. Must be capable of working within a team environment to plan, organize, execute and thoroughly document complex system designs, including the ability to assist in developing technical solutions to customer specifications. Test and debug skills are necessary; must understand interoperability of hardware and software. Knowledge of and experience with Microsoft Visual Studio; C, C#, VB, and Windows programming (WIN32, .NET) are required. Knowledge of and experience with analog and digital design (motor drive, microcontrollers) are a plus. Must be able to manage and support multiple tasks on a consistent basis, while providing the highest level of service. Good verbal and writing skills are necessary. Primary Responsibilities • Candidate will participate in all aspects of the software design and invention of high performance precision hardware products. •Includes conceptual design, architecting, and programming. •Includes debugging, and system testing applications and modules in various software languages. •Creation and upkeep of company product documents. •Maintenance of current products and feature addition. •Coordinate multiple build activities internally with engineering projects. •Directing test engineers and technicians on specific projects. •Provide customer support in the factory and in the field. Job Requirements • BS Computer Engineering or BSEE and 3+ years applicable experience in Windows programming design preferred. •Strong knowledge of C, C#, and Microsoft (WIN32, .NET) are required. •Strong knowledge of Microsoft SQL •Strong knowledge of Communication : TCP/IP, Serial, USB •Strong Knowledge of software development tools. •Knowledge of design, development, test engineering, and manufacturing processes. •Knowledge of Front End graphical user interface design •Must be capable of working within a team to plan. •Must be capable of thoroughly documenting complex system designs. •Proven ability to assist in developing technical solutions to customer specifications. •Experience with testing and debugging; in lab prototypes (initial bring up) and in field customer sites. •Ability to read hardware block diagrams, schematics, and wiring diagrams. •Knowledge of PCB schematic and layout tools a plus. •Basic computer skills, including Microsoft suite; Outlook, Word, Excel, etc... •Good verbal and writing skills are necessary. •Must be a US Citizen or Green Card holder Apply For This Job: Email your resume to Info@IntegralStaff.com referencing the Job ID in the title above. Thank You.	Software Engineer	Integral Staffing	Ramsey	NJ	Ramsey, NJ	Integral Staffing	Thu, 01 Oct 2015 22:44:17 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=1d42aa73823cdcd1&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXbzlUXXGXB-wBba4UkGH96we8ubG5c-dT2ygNt1kB_tqJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3keq9ej1a4l12a
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	iHeartRadio, iHeartMedia’s free digital radio service, is the No. 1 all-in-one digital audio service with over 600 million downloads; it reached its first 20 million registered users faster than any digital service in Internet history and reached 70 million users faster than any digital music service and even faster than Twitter, Facebook and Pinterest. The company’s operations include radio broadcasting, online, mobile, digital and social media, live concerts and events, syndication, music research services and independent media representation. iHeartRadio is looking for several Test Engineers who believe deeply in Continuous Integration and Deployment and have extensive background working in fast-paced, agile environments. As a Test Engineer, you will be embedded directly into our product teams and will work alongside existing Software Engineers to help build and expand our suite of automation tools and frameworks. If you have a passion for bringing push button deployments with full testing and regression tools to life, including Selenium Webdriver, PhantomJS, Appium, and Java, and have rapid and high quality deployments as a minimum standard for your team, you will love this role. We take our testing seriously and we want Engineers to be autonomous, creative and most of all produce high quality software. Quality not only entails finding bugs, but also helping to commit code, including functional tests, measuring performance, latency and data consistency across our entire product portfolio. Responsibilities: Architect and create an Automation Framework using open source technologies Work directly on our product teams ensuring proper Functional and Regression test coverage using tools like Selenium Webdriver, PhantomJS, Appium, Java, JUnit, TestNG, XCTest and others Ensure that the testing and automation tools are wired into our Continuous Integration proc ess using tools like Jenkins Work with individual engineers to ensure that the different product teams have a high degree of focus on quality by working on strategies (and code) for Functional testing Execute any manual testing required to move product work through the agile sprints Ensure all testing includes a multi-platform approach by thinking about different browsers and devices where iHeartRadio products live Collaborate with Product Managers and Engineers on building out test strategies and plans Requirements: Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or equivalent 3+ Years experience in a Test Engineering role for both client or backend based products Extensive experience in writing automated tests using frameworks like Selenium Webdriver, Appium, Java, JUnit, TestNG, Git Experience testing HTML and Mobile interfaces manually and automated Strong understanding of basic protocols like HTTP iHeartMedia is an equal opportunity employer and will not tolerate discrimination in employment on the basis of race, color, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, religion, disability, ethnicity, national origin, marital status, protected veteran status, genetic information, or any other legally protected classification or status. Required Skills Required Experience	Software Engineer in Test	iHeartMedia, Inc.	New York	NY	New York, NY	iHeartMedia, Inc.	Sat, 01 Aug 2015 06:24:54 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=8727add57ce985a7&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXbzlUXXGXB-wBba4UkGH96we8ubG5c-dT2ygNt1kB_tqJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3keq9ej1a4l12a
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	RESPONSIBILITIES: Kforce has a client has a client seeking a Junior Java Software Engineer 2 in Jersey City, New Jersey (NJ). This is a great opportunity for someone who has the desire to work with teams that are passionate about lean startup principles, innovation and creating amazing customer experiences. This is a company that is continuously recognized for its world-class products! Responsibilities: Responsible for design, evaluation and implementation of innovative software components for a large scale, fault tolerant and distributed software platform Help the client to implement their next generation audio platform delivering leading edge audio quality to customers using collaboration software as well as the stand-alone audio conferencing service Apply skills and experience in an agile/scrum environment, working closely with developers, designers, and product managers Work on cutting edge, cloud based, Software-as-a-Service products for a major player in the software/tech industry Work in an Agile Software development environment Work closely with Architect and Senior Engineers to design and implement a software solution in either Java or C++ (based on background) Work with the Quality Engineering Team to support product validation and deployment to LIVE environment Work with Scrum Master, Product Managers to understand and groom stories based on user requirements REQUIREMENTS: Experience in C++ or Java and one or more scripting languages (e.g., JavaScript, Python) Experience in UNIX programming Knowledge of Object-oriented Programming (OOP); including, modular design and development Knowledge of data structures, collections and algorithms and familiarity with Linux based systems Knowledge in Networking technologies and multi-threaded programming Knowledge of highly scalable, distributed fault tolerant systems Java background C++ background, knowledge with client-server systems, Internet communication protocols and real-time communication protocols (RTP, SIP/SDP, H.323) Self-Starter, quick learner and able to thrive in a culturally and technically diverse team environment Experience in Web development (e.g. MVC frameworks, Ajax Frameworks, Java, Spring, Hibernate, HTTP, XML, TCP/IP, JavaScript, JSP/Servlets) Experience designing and developing APIs and Web Services Understanding of databases, (e.g. NoSQL, SQL, schema design) 	Junior - Mid Core Java Software Engineer	Kforce	Jersey City	NJ	Jersey City, NJ	Kforce	Tue, 22 Sep 2015 19:43:30 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=07b2e1fdc1e75b75&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXbzlUXXGXB-wBba4UkGH96we8ubG5c-dT2ygNt1kB_tqJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3keq9ej1a4l12a
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Design and code from specifications, analyzes, evaluates, tests, debugs, documents, and implements complex software apps - Uses coding methods in specific programming languages to initiate or enhance program execution and functionality - Under general direction, devises or modifies procedures to solve complex problems considering computer equipment capacity and limitations, operating time, and form of desired results - Competent to work at the highest technical level of all phases of applications programming activities - Monitor program execution for expected performance - Monitors systems capacity and performance, plans and executes disaster recovery procedures, and provides Tier 2 technical support. - Strong front-end performance tuning experience of web based applications (Java, J2EE, JavaScript, SPRING, HTML, XML, DHTML, WebServices, CSS, AJAX, SOA, EJB) - Strong analytical &amp; troubleshooting skills - Exposure to ATG platform is a plus. - Exposure to monitoring tools Wily and CEM is a plus. Requires a bachelor's degree in area of specialty and at least 4-8 years of experience in the field or in a related area Skill set Java. Work Experience 4+ Yrs Number of positions 1	Software Systems Engineer	RiVi Consulting Group	Township of Warren	NJ	Township of Warren, NJ	RiVi Consulting Group	Thu, 27 Aug 2015 23:39:44 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=da32e503891a7336&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXbzlUXXGXB-wBba4UkGH96we8ubG5c-dT2ygNt1kB_tqJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3keq9ej1a4l12a
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Lead Software Engineer (.NET) Works within a scrum team to design and develop software products in the Microsoft .NET environment (C#, ASP.NET, SQL 2014, MVC). Lead Software Engineer (.NET) Essential Functions: Serve as technical team lead for a small, senior product development scrum team. Drive software architecture of next-generation .NET SaaS platform, including SQL Server 2014 data model, persistence layer, web-services based business tier, business rules engine, UI tier, and integration components. Establish and maintain best-practice development standards. Implement and maintain automated build and deployment scripts. Work with QA engineers to identify and correct defects found in testing. Support products in the field by working with customers and technical support representatives (light travel may be required). Support clients and internal users on new product releases and features. Skills Required: Top-notch .NET/MVC development skills (C#). Experience designing and developing multi-tenant SaaS products. Demonstrated leadership and mentoring experience. Excellent interpersonal skills and oral/written communication. Ability to handle challenging situations and multiple tasks simultaneously while performing within tight time constraints. Lead Software Engineer (.NET) Technical Skills: Minimum 10 years end-to-end web development experience. Minimum 5 years experience with the C# and web frameworks such as .NET MVC. Familiarity with other server-side language such as PHP (preferred) Java or Ruby. Familiarity with client-side technologies including but not limited to HTML, CSS and Javascript libraries such as JQuery. Experience with HTML5 and responsive web design preferred. Minimum 5 years experience with relational database design and development (SQL Server preferred). Experience working in agile programming environment. Education and Experience: Four-year college degree in Computer Science or a related field, or equivalent experience is required.	Lead Software Engineer (.NET)	Smith & Keller	New York	NY	New York, NY	Smith & Keller	Tue, 15 Sep 2015 10:04:33 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=6e0cdc78f06cc7e7&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXbzlUXXGXB-wBba4UkGH96we8ubG5c-dT2ygNt1kB_tqJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3keq9ej1a4l12a
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	RESPONSIBILITIES: Kforce is seeking candidates for our client in Florham Park, New Jersey. This is a great opportunity to work in a R&amp;D lab environment. Our client is looking for candidates with a passion to solve tough challenges through innovation and the application of technology Responsibilities: In the lab, will be performing R&amp;D to: Create novel wireless communications and situational awareness systems using standards based and custom communications protocols. Create unique systems for use in air, land and maritime environments Employ advanced signal and protocol processing, channel modeling and waveform design from HF to W band and optical frequencies as well Join a fast-moving, high-performing multidisciplinary team with a record of success and opportunity for advancement You will develop advanced protocol processing and processing algorithms for unique applications. The programs are for applied research and technology in an advanced networking and communication organization Position Responsibilities: Apply and perform systems analysis, modeling and simulation of processing systems and demonstrate systems via simulated and/or real data input Perform functional analysis, performance analysis and synthesis of protocol implementations (including physical transmission convergence and higher layer) for Radio and Core Access Technologies Conceptualize, define, design, and prototype complex systems engineering solutions May lead a team of engineers to accomplish a similar task Work with upper-level engineers to identify need for improvement and work on implementing solutions to meet those needs REQUIREMENTS: Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or Electrical Engineering and 6-8 years of experience or an equivalent combination of skills, education and experience. Master's degree preferred Experience coding in C/C++ Understand the wireless protocol stacks for GSM, LTD,and 3G UMTS/CDMA Applicants selected will be subject to a government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information Working knowledge of radio access, core network, interface protocol and the call flows over these interfaces Experience in 3GPP/IEEE/ANSI/ITU/ETSI Wireless and Trunked mobile radio protocols and survey tools Demonstrated ability to rapidly prototype protocols and applications Demonstrated knowledge of object oriented architecture, programming and programming methods Experience with Linux Demonstrated ability to leverage open source programs, rapid integration methods, web interfaces and services implementation, XML implementation methods Object oriented architecture, programming and programming methods required Demonstrated experience or knowledge of software methods - from those that are highly formal requiring extensive documentation and reviews to 'extreme' programming techniques Excellent communication and interpersonal skills 	Software / Wireless Protocols Engineer	Kforce	Florham Park	NJ	Florham Park, NJ	Kforce	Fri, 02 Oct 2015 18:45:35 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=65e18d7dd561ae46&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXbzlUXXGXB-wBba4UkGH96we8ubG5c-dT2ygNt1kB_tqJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3keq9ej1a4l12a
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Develop services, systems and tools using mostly C#, ASP.NET MVC and SQL Server Full Stack .Net Software Engineer – CONTRACT – New York, NY Full Stack .Net Software Engineer Summary &amp; Skills: As a full stack software engineer, you’ll develop innovative technologies that are changing the Alternative Asset Management industry. You’ll work with other engineers and business analysts to design, build, deploy, and support the core business Innovation's suite of applications. You’ll tackle a variety of problems ranging from optimizing data retrieval performance to scaling out infrastructure or bringing complex systems together. You’ll devise elegant solutions, and put your own best ideas to work in an entrepreneurial environment inside one of the world's most successful companies. Develop services, systems and tools using mostly C#, ASP.NET MVC and SQL Server Lead and participate in technical, design and operations reviews throughout the development cycle Identify areas of the business which could be streamlined through the application of technology Build and share reusable components Automate everything Grow the team by sharing your specialized skills Qualifications: My client is seeking to hire individuals who are highly motivated, intelligent and have demonstrated excellence in prior endeavors. Qualified candidates will possess: A B.S. in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or similar A desire to learn and adapt to new technologies A self-starting, entrepreneurial attitude Object-oriented programming experience in any language A desire to keep improving Pluses include experience with JavaScript / JavaScript frameworks (jQuery, underscore, knockout, d3) CSS / SASS / Coffee Source control Database technologies .NET / C# / ASP.NET Follow us on our BLOG to see more jobs like this: http://ny.vereduscorp.com/ Why Veredus? Candidates work with a professional Recruiter whose average experience is eight years in the industry. That means they have intimate knowledge of the Information Technology industry and market trends - who is in demand now and who will be next. Your Veredus Recruiter will lead you through a thorough screening process in order to understand your skills, experience, needs, and desires. They also counsel their candidates in resume writing, interviewing, and career planning so when there’s a position you really want, you’re fully prepared to get it. Additionally, if the position is a consulting opportunity Veredus provides full benefits starting Day 1, and at virtually no cost to you. Medical Dental Vision 401K Life Insurance ($20,000 benefit) ATOP - Accrued Time Off Program Consultant Lunches and Outings Consultant Web-Site Name Plates Care packages/Survival packs Dedicated Consulting Services Representative Veredus has been recognized as one of the “Best Staffing Firms to Work For” by Staffing Industry Analysts the last 3 years in a row. Nervous about an upcoming interview Want to be as prepared as possible Click on the link below and you will have access to the Veredus Interview Prep Video - culled from hundreds of years of collective experience in preparing candidates for that all important job interview: http://vereduscorp.com/career-center/ Veredus Corporation is an EEO/Affirmative Action Employer M/F/D/V. Drug testing may be required; please contact Recruiter for more information.	Full Stack .NET Software Engineer	Veredus	New York	NY	New York, NY	Veredus	Wed, 16 Sep 2015 07:46:58 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=b4bb4243be903c41&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXbzlUXXGXB-wBba4UkGH96we8ubG5c-dT2ygNt1kB_tqJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3keq9ej1a4l12a
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Job Title: Sr. Software Engineer Job Location: Rockleigh, NJ Job Type: Full time/ Permanent REQUIREMENTS Client is looking for a Software Engineer to be an integral member of their device management software platform. Must have experience with C#, .Net, C++. Must have experience in programming interactions with hardware devices or in writing firmware. WPF experience is a plus. Experience with protocol specifications and analysis is a plus. At least 2 years industry experience or significant programming achievements are needed. S. Computer Engineering, Computer Science or equivalent Required experience: C#, .Net, C++, MVVM: 5 years 	Sr. Software Engineer	Prospance inc	Rockleigh	NJ	Rockleigh, NJ	Indeed	Mon, 17 Aug 2015 22:31:26 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=75783ac48da1331d&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXbzlUXXGXB-wBba4UkGH96we8ubG5c-dT2ygNt1kB_tqJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3keq9ej1a4l12a
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	We’re looking for extremely talented, passionate and resourceful a Software Engineer – PHP that want to join a collaborative, humorous and hard-working team of developers that really believe in what they’re building – someone who loves the thrill of working with an awesome startup where they can build systems that are so good they want to brag about them! Responsibilities for Software Engineer – PHP Building out next generation e-commerce platforms and systems Analyzing application performance Identifying and resolving application and database bottlenecks Writing SQL queries and data modelling for real time reporting Skills &amp; Requirements for Software Engineer – PHP Gotta Have Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science/Engineering preferred or combined equivalent of education and/or experience 5+ years of experience developing database driven web applications, and solid experience in the latest web technologies, including PHP 5.x, MySQL, XML, CSS3, JSON and JQuery 3+ years of OOP/MVC PHP programming 2+ years developing test driven code using tools such as (PHPUnit, Jenkins, etc) Solid experience working within LAMP environment Experience in developing database driven web applications, combining back-end database with frontend integration. Hope you Have Experience with Zend Framework Experience developing web services A passion for learning and experimentation. While our core is PHP, we like to use the tool for the job. Want to build a subsystem with Redis, Gearman, NodeJS, or StatsD? Go for it! A strong portfolio of web-oriented projects.* Guru Skills Amazing “can-do” attitude Tireless energy &amp; motivation Able to leap from one activity to the next – without breaking a sweat! Able to “go with the flow” – very zen! 	Software Engineer – PHP (160K)	Smith & Keller	New York	NY	New York, NY	Smith & Keller	Tue, 15 Sep 2015 10:03:41 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=1de28a5c2501975c&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXbzlUXXGXB-wBba4UkGH96we8ubG5c-dT2ygNt1kB_tqJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3keq9ej1a4l12a
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	In a time where people are canceling their cable TV subscriptions in favor of online streaming media, there's a NYC technology startup responsible for over 94 billion plays and over 4 billion hours of streaming video watched last year. Their video player is currently deployed on over 2 million web properties and streams nearly 5% of all internet video. They recently created a mobile streaming platform and are looking for an Android Engineer to take ownership of developing their Android SDK. Your work will enable native app developers to build streaming video functionality into their apps. This company's product is the third most used streaming video player (only behind YouTube and Facebook) so your work will be immediately deployed to a massive audience. Requirements: 2+ years of Android app or SDK development experience Knowledge of some of the following: Java, Python, JavaScript, HTML, Git, Jenkins, C++ BS, MS, or PHD in Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics, or a related field of study 	Android Software Engineer - Streaming Video SDK	HiringCatalyst	New York	NY	New York, NY	Breezy HR	Mon, 02 Nov 2015 19:53:20 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=61cc7e60fbded611&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXbzlUXXGXB-wBba4UkGH96we8ubG5c-dT2ygNt1kB_tqJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3keq9ej1a4l12a
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Job Title: Senior Software Engineer - API - Scala, AKKA, Play Job Location: New York Job Type: Full Time Job Description: Company is hiring Software Engineers to help us innovate in the way we develop our industry-leading communications monitoring and analytics service platform for the financial industry. Organization Vault is a startup within the company Enterprise group. Their infrastructure processes over 250 million messages per day and our archive manages over 80 billion communications objects ranging from e-mail to voice recordings. They believe in building the best cloud-services for our customers using the best tools for the job and They’re looking for developers who want to have an impact in the financial industry. We are using open source technologies including: Java, Scala, Play Framework, Accumulo, Hadoop, jQuery, Docker IO. Must have: A hands-on problem solver with excellent software design and implementation skills using scalable REST web services in Scala/Java (7,8) using Akka/Play. Solid experience with OO driven development and frameworks similar to Play Solid experience working with HTML5, AJAX, CSS and front-end technologies Experience as component owner making significant contributions to code, architecture, performance, robustness and reliability. A self-starter who brings energy, passion and creativity to work every day. Desired Skills: BA/BS in Computer Science, related degree, or strong comparable experience. 5+ years of professional software development experience. Experience developing modern enterprise or REST applications using languages like Scala/Java/Python etc. Knowledge of RDBMs like MySQL, data modeling, SQL tuning and optimization Familiarity with NoSQL data stores like Accumulo, Solr, Redis or Memcache 	Senior Software Engineer - API - Scala, AKKA, Play	MSH Group	New York	NY	New York, NY	MSH Group	Thu, 17 Sep 2015 05:22:05 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=0d542e319af83aed&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXbzlUXXGXB-wBba4UkGH96we8ubG5c-dT2ygNt1kB_tqJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3keq9ej1a4l12a
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	The Senior Software Engineer will be accountable for leading a small team as well as developing and maintaining key modules of the V12 Group's suite of SaaS applications. The Engineer will be working on a variety of applications and next generation products as well as working on a team of top developers with cutting edge technologies. Responsibilities • Design, develop and modify modules based on functional and system requirements • Work closely with Product Owner for understanding the functional and system requirements • Provide feedback during design and code peer reviews • Adhere to software team's established processes and tools • Participate in sprint planning and estimating • Contribute ideas for process improvement, including coding practices, standards and tools • Work closely with Software Engineers to ensure architectural integrity and product quality • Mentor junior engineers in development methodologies and best practices • Engage in continuous self-improvement of technical and communications skills • Solid understanding of OOP/OOD Principles • Participate in testing process through unit testing and bug fixes • Strong ability to debug code quickly and efficiently • Maintain awareness of deadlines and priorities • All other duties as assigned Skills &amp; Requirements Position Requirements Formal Education &amp; Certification • BS/BA degree in Computer Science, Information Systems or related field Like to Haves • 4-6+ years in a working environment • Experience leading a team • HTML5 / CSS3 / JavaScript • JQuery / knockoutjs / AngularJS • C# • ASP.NET MVC • Basic Design Patterns (Factory, Repository, Singleton, UnitOfWork, Dependency Injection) • Team leadership/Scrum Master • Experience organizing and coordinating programming tasks assigned to other Software Engineers • Experience monitoring project status, technical leadership, mentoring and providing insight within the Software Engineering department Other valuable skills • ADO.NET / ORM: Entity Framework, NHibernate • SQL Server Databases (SQL Queries, Stored Procedures, Database Triggers) • Agile/Scrum methodologies • Familiarity building multithreaded applications • Experience with modern Internet APIs, protocols, and patterns including REST, JSON, XML • WCF, WebAPI 2, Web Services (REST, SOAP) • Embrace a test-driven development (TDD) approach, leveraging unit test tools such as JUnit and NUnit (BTT nice to have) Personal Attributes • Experience at working both independently and in a team-oriented, collaborative environment is essential • Analytical and problem-solving capabilities • Strong attention to detail and ability to multi-task • Ability to work under tight project deadlines About V12 Group If you’re looking for a company where you can work hard, have fun, get inspired, and be well compensated then we’re looking for you. V12 Group is proof that you don’t have to choose between the inflexibility of corporate culture and the uncertainty of a startup. Enjoy a comprehensive benefits package, generous vacation time, and a highly competitive salary all in an environment that promotes creativity and innovation. Headquartered in Red Bank, NJ, V12 Group is a two-time honoree of NJBIZ’s Best Places to Work in New Jersey. Since 2002, V12 Group has been providing customers, clients, and users of Launchpad, our marketing cloud, with leading technology, quality data, and an unparalleled customer experience. You don’t have to travel to Silicon Valley to join a leading technology company; you just have to apply. Contact us today to learn more about V12 Group, our team, and your future. Check out our corporate site at: http://www.v12groupinc.com/ As well as our Launchpad Marketing Cloud at: https://launchpadcloud.com/ \	Senior Software Engineer/Marketing-Technology company with latest technologies!	V12 Group	Red Bank	NJ	Red Bank, NJ	StackOverflow Jobs	Thu, 29 Oct 2015 20:48:03 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=bd5b20bfc29b3c90&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXbzlUXXGXB-wBba4UkGH96we8ubG5c-dT2ygNt1kB_tqJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3keq9ej1a4l12a
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	DESCRIPTION: Catchpoint Systems is in need of a Back-End Software Engineer who will play an essential role in developing our data analytics platform, which is a distributed, multi-threaded, fault tolerant system. The Engineer will often work with and enhance our custom NoSQL DB, which is used for populating, aggregating, and extracting very large data, to be used by our clients for reporting &amp; alerting. EXPERIENCE: 3+ years of experience in either C#, C++, or Java 3+ years of experience in writing multi-threaded applications and services Big Data Processing Deep understanding of SQL, and design patterns Building and maintaining unit/functional/integration tests Writing client server applications Familiarity with: Developing and integrating with WCF and/or other Webservice frameworks Understanding of .NET Frameworks Addressing and Troubleshooting network issues Database management LINQ REQUIREMENTS: BS or MS degree in Computer Science or related major COMPENSATION: We offer great benefits along with a stable and professional work environment, health insurance, and stock options. OVERVIEW: Catchpoint Systems offers wide-ranging and easy-to-use web monitoring tools that allow businesses to discover and fix problems with their websites before they impact end users, ultimately saving revenue and time, and preserving their brand in the eyes of consumers. Using Catchpoint’s customizable dashboards, analytics capabilities, and innovative alerting system, DevOps professionals can rest easy knowing that their synthetic monitoring needs are taken care of, and that their sites’ speed, availability, and reliability are maximized. At the same time, Catchpoint’s Real User Measurement solution ensures that the sites’ critical conversion paths are optimized to the fullest extent. Over 250 clients, including major brands such as Comcast, LinkedIn, Overstock, TripAdvisor, Wayfair, Priceline, and more have realized the benefit of Catchpoint as a third party monitoring solution. The key to our value is the end-to-end visibility of the complete user experience that our clients are able to access. With 12 different monitor types, including browser, DNS, API, SSH, transaction, network path, and a number of others, Catchpoint users can synthetically monitor from 400+ locations around the world, getting real-time analytics across a broad variety of functionalities that make up their sites.	Software Engineer (Data Platform)	Catchpoint Systems	New York	NY	New York, NY	Catchpoint Systems	Mon, 03 Aug 2015 06:20:16 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=4e862e4420804738&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXbzlUXXGXB-wBba4UkGH96we8ubG5c-dT2ygNt1kB_tqJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3keq9ej1a4l12a
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Quidsi Inc., is a subsidiary of Amazon and entrepreneurial parent company to Diapers.com, Soap.com, BeautyBar.com, Wag.com, Yoyo.com, Look.com, Afterschool.com, Casa.com and Vinemarket.com. We are a mom-centric retail technology company. We deliver delightful experiences, products, and expertise by offering a curated selection of products, lightning-fast delivery, incredible customer service, and an easy-to-navigate shopping experience. Quidsi’s sites are host to millions of daily visitors and our warehouses are run by hundreds of autonomous Kiva robots. Our entire operation from our websites/apps, to our fulfillment centers and customer care center is focused on creating an enjoyable end-to-end customer experience. To get there, we need exceptionally talented, bright and driven people who are energized by "what if" (the meaning of Quidsi in Latin). If you'd like to help us build the place where people can find and buy anything online, come and innovate with us! We are building a high caliber technology team consisting of the brightest minds who raise the bar and enjoy being vigorously challenged. The ideal candidate is passionate about design and architecture with an unwavering commitment to code quality. The Senior Software Development Engineer is an idea generator who offers innovative solutions through a combination of creative thinking and deep understanding of the problem space. Projects will leverage Amazon’s technological capabilities and platforms to make Quidsi’s solutions compelling, unique and sustainable. Responsibilities : · Propose, prototype and evaluate multiple areas of optimization for our e-commerce applications and mobile-optimized sites · Build high availability/ high reliability software on time · Construct secure, scalable, and low-latency services and mobile applications · Provide hands-on code contribution and shipping responsibility - libraries, API's, documentation · Partner with Marketing, Merchandising and other business stakeholders to define functional solutions for business problems Basic Qualifications · Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or a related field or corresponding experience equaling 4 year degree · 5+ years experience in at least one of the following modern programming languages: Java, C#, C++, Python, Ruby, Scala, Groovy or any other modern non-scripting language · Minimum of 2 years of web applications/services experience Preferred Qualifications · Building highly-available distributed systems on a cloud infrastructure (e.g. AWS) · Delivering low-latency, consumer-internet-scale web services · Experience working with, or an interest in Agile Methodologies, such as Extreme Programming (XP) and Scrum · Strong OO skills, Computer Science fundamentals in data structures and algorithm design · Training and mentoring the engineering community on complex technical issues · Managing expectations, meeting firm deadlines and thriving in a dynamic work environment · Problem solving and complexity analysis · Strong verbal and written communication skills · Maintaining a sense of humor Quidsi Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer-Affirmative Action Employer Female/Minority/Disability/Vet .tch1.qds.crp.	Lead Software Development Engineer – Quidsi, Amazon Subsidiary	Quidsi, Inc.	Jersey City	NJ	Jersey City, NJ	Amazon.com	Fri, 14 Aug 2015 05:17:09 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=102593e6fa6a8039&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXbzlUXXGXB-wBba4UkGH96we8ubG5c-dT2ygNt1kB_tqJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3keq9ej1a4l12a
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Crestron is the world's leading manufacturer of advanced control and automation systems, innovating technology and reinventing the way people live and work. Offering integrated solutions to control audio, video, computer, IP and environmental systems, Crestron streamlines technology, improving the quality of life for people in corporate boardrooms, conference rooms, classrooms, auditoriums, and in their homes. Crestron's software test team is seeking a talented and self-motivated engineer with software and/or software testing experience in a hardware environment who can apply his/her expertise to testing our software products in order to assure quality and stability prior to deployment. Responsibilities: Formulate test strategies for new and existing software products Design, develop and update test plans and test cases as needed Execute test plans, report results and create problem reports when applicable Position Requirements: BS in Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering or Computer Science Minimum of 3 years of software and/or software testing experience within a hardware environment Strong troubleshooting and debugging skills Able to multi-task effectively Methodical and detail-oriented Able to work independently as well as within a team Excellent verbal and written communication skills Must be able to work in the U.S. without sponsorship Preferred: System level testing experience Crestron knowledge Skills and Education Requirements: BS in Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering or Computer Science Minimum of 3 years of software and/or software testing experience within a hardware environment Strong troubleshooting and debugging skills Able to multi-task effectively Methodical and detail-oriented Able to work independently as well as within a team Excellent verbal and written communication skills 	Software Quality Engineer	Crestron Electronics	Rockleigh	NJ	Rockleigh, NJ	Crestron Electronics	Tue, 25 Aug 2015 00:11:26 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=d44c0739efedd046&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXbzlUXXGXB-wBba4UkGH96we8ubG5c-dT2ygNt1kB_tqJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3keq9ej1a4l12a
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Crestron is the world's leading manufacturer of advanced control and automation systems, innovating technology and reinventing the way people live and work. Offering integrated solutions to control audio, video, computer, IP and environmental systems, Crestron streamlines technology, improving the quality of life for people in corporate boardrooms, conference rooms, classrooms, auditoriums, and in their homes. Crestron's software test team is seeking a talented and self-motivated engineer with software and/or software testing experience in a hardware environment who can apply his/her expertise to testing our software products in order to assure quality and stability prior to deployment. Responsibilities: Formulate test strategies for new and existing software products Design, develop and update test plans and test cases as needed Execute test plans, report results and create problem reports when applicable Position Requirements: BS in Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering or Computer Science Minimum of 3 years of software and/or software testing experience within a hardware environment Strong troubleshooting and debugging skills Able to multi-task effectively Methodical and detail-oriented Able to work independently as well as within a team Excellent verbal and written communication skills Must be able to work in the U.S. without sponsorship Preferred: System level testing experience Crestron knowledge Skills and Education Requirements: BS in Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering or Computer Science Minimum of 3 years of software and/or software testing experience within a hardware environment Strong troubleshooting and debugging skills Able to multi-task effectively Methodical and detail-oriented Able to work independently as well as within a team Excellent verbal and written communication skills 	Software Quality Engineer	Crestron	Rockleigh	NJ	Rockleigh, NJ	Crestron	Mon, 24 Aug 2015 22:41:41 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=7078e88edbd09003&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXbzlUXXGXB-wBba4UkGH96we8ubG5c-dT2ygNt1kB_tqJLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3keq9ej1a4l12a
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Location: New York, NY Job Description We are looking for an experienced and professional Software Engineer to join our growing team. If you meet our background requirements and have a desire to work for a great company that takes care of its employees, this Software Engineer may be the ideal opportunity for you! MTS 2 Software Engineer Job Responsibilities Write high-quality, high-performance, maintainable full stack code for our Java/Java EE based product Participate as technical lead in the full Software Development Life Cycle (Agile/Scrum), iterative development, estimations and design sessions Lead architecture discussions in planning stage on architectural design of projects. Own product design by facilitating design reviews and staying abreast of design standards and incorporate into product design. Work closely with Product Managers, Software Engineers, Operations, and Quality Assurance Engineers in a collaborative environment to provide quality software and solutions. Partner with Product Manager to influence product future Maintain and champion our engineering culture: perform design and code review, introduce new tools and methods, give "brown bag" presentations, etc. MTS 2 Software Engineer Job Requirements Education: BSCS or BSEE or Other Related 4yr Technical Degree 2+ to 5 years' experience Minimum Education - Bachelor's Degree MTS 2 Software Engineer Benefits Our hires are treated to competitive pay and an excellent benefits package. To learn more about pay and benefits, please apply today! MTS 2 Software Engineer Company Overview The JAG Group is dedicated to provide effective medical staffing solutions for healthcare organizations and in offering practice opportunities and alternatives for the healthcare professionals we serve. The JAG Group is a member of NAPS (National Association of Personnel Services) and GAPS (Georgia Association of Personnel Services). Matching qualified healthcare professionals with medical practices and hospitals across the USA in need of healthcare employment is what we do best! Derrick Green The JAG Group www.thejaggroup.com jobs@thejaggroup.com 404-874-3624 direct 877-843-5244, Ext 24 678-904-7808 fax	MTS 2 Software Engineer	The Jag Group	New York	NY	New York, NY	The JAG Group	Sun, 13 Sep 2015 09:23:00 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=d3c47cd25b53e6b6&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa349h4ooqIAoeaDAJNdWle8JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3keqeql19r93fa
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Job Requirements Looking for Full Stack Software Engineers with excellent coding skills and an Ad Tech background to help build a native advertising platform Strong experience with REST architecture/ development and full stack Java development. Relocation Assistance Available - Possible for ideal candidate Please submit your resume for consideration only if you meet requirements and qualifications. PLEASE SEND RESUME TO: aparker@snelling-atlanta.com	MTS 2, Software Engineer -NY0914	Snelling - Lilburn	New York	NY	New York, NY	Snelling Staffing Services	Mon, 14 Sep 2015 17:07:53 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=cad0bc178b13369f&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa349h4ooqIAoeaDAJNdWle8JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3keqeql19r93fa
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	· Master’s and/or Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering or equivalent. · 5+ years of professional experience developing user facing apps in Objective-C/Swift for iOS and Java/C for Android. · Experience with AVFoundation, CoreGraphics, CoreMedia, MediaPlayer &amp; UIKit frameworks in iOS · Experience with XCode to build apps for iOS and OS X and used Instruments to find memory leaks, optimize your apps. · Great experience with Data Structures and Algorithms. · You have built apps for multiple form factors (iPhone 4, iPhone 6, 6+, iPad Air etc) from an idea and have launched them on the AppStore. · Solid experience with Android and enjoy writing apps for Android Phones and tablets. · Experience withAndroid Activity LifeCycle and have used Fragments. · Experience building apps that use JNI (Java Native Interface) and have a deep understanding about Java memory management and garbage collection in Android. · You can write readable, maintainable, performant object-oriented Java Email resume in Word to JeffAltman@TheBigGameHunter.us. Please include the job code for the position with your resume. NOTE: WE WILL ONLY RESPOND IF YOUR RESUME APPEARS TO FIT A ROLE NO PAID RELOCATION. NO OVERSEAS RESUMES. NO 3RD PARTIES. Applicants for employment in the US must possess work authorization which does not require sponsorship from the employer for a visa. To receive a complimentary subscription to my job search ezine, No B.S. Job Search Advice, go to www.TheBigGameHunter.usto subscribe. Listen to "Job Search Radio" on WebTalkRadio.net or in iTunes and other podcast directories. Want to ask me questions via phone, Skype or Facetime? Have your job search questions answered. The Big Game Hunter is a professional search firm and coaching service that helps people find superior opportunities and firms locate superior talent. In addition, we generate an extraordinary amount of information to help job hunters, recruiting professionals and hiring managers be more effective. Visit http://www.TheBigGameHunter.us	Senior Mobile Software Engineer	The Big Game Hunter	Hackensack	NJ	Hackensack, NJ	The Big Game Hunter	Tue, 20 Oct 2015 05:07:53 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=caa2bfafd6ea984e&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa349h4ooqIAoeaDAJNdWle8JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3keqeql19r93fa
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Job Title: Senior Software Engineer, Android Discipline: Software Engineering Reports to: Director of Engineering, Mobile Apps Location: Seattle, WA or New York, NY Job Profile: Build rich, dynamic, cross-platform native mobile applications for Android and iOS devices. Work hand-in-hand with the design team to implement interfaces that look beautiful and adapt dynamically to all form factors. Architect complex UI interactions that push the boundaries of multi-touch interfaces. Implement animations and transitions that make experiences on mobile phones and tablets come to life. Establish infrastructure and practices for code reuse across development environments. Responsibilities: Execute on a software architecture and development plan to implement new features and products Write code to tackle challenging technical problems with a focus on readability, maintainability, performance, and quality Propose novel solutions to design and technical challenges Communicate effectively with your team and other product disciplines, raising issues early and offering solutions Develop all software according to coding standards and processes Perform reviews of other engineers’ code, designs, and architectures Make use of unit and integration tests wherever possible Mentor junior engineers Participate in the interview process for new team members Invent technology and infrastructure to share complex or platform agnostic software components across development ecosystems Advise other engineers, designers, and management on mobile application development for Android devices Requirements: BS degree in Computer Science or related field, or equivalent practical experience 4+ years of relevant work experience A solid foundation in computer science, with strong competencies in data structures, algorithms, and software design An extensive knowledge of Android application development, having developed and deployed at least one commercial Android application through the Google Play store Proven, self-motivated engineer with a track record of creating production-quality mobile applications Posses a strong passion for building custom user experiences Able to work effectively in a cross-disciplinary environment, particularly with designers Able to create a development plan for a given feature set, estimate its tasks, and execute on those tasks in an efficient manner Working knowledge of the iOS development platform is a plus Expert in C++, Objective-C, or Java Proficient with Git or similar revision control systems We Offer: Medical, Dental, Vision, 401(K) Life Insurance Commuter Benefits Corporate discounts through AnyPerk Catered in-office lunches twice weekly and fully stocked pantry Flexible Time Off Policy Employee Equity Program 	Sr Software Engineer, Android	FiftyThree	New York	NY	New York, NY	FiftyThree	Sun, 16 Aug 2015 21:48:28 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=5dfb38c6d0c7c9e9&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa349h4ooqIAoeaDAJNdWle8JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3keqeql19r93fa
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Immediate need for Sr.Dot Net Developer Polaris Full time - Work Permit Green Card USAH1B Transfer End Customer - Banking Finanacial Client Excellent written oral communication skill. These will be needed to participate in weekly daily monthly calls with On-site customer managers. Passion for learning and rapid iteration Handle multiple assignments simultaneously Flexible and dedicated to work with distributed teams Should be willing to learn, scale-up and take individual responsibility to completion Should be flexible and be ready to work on different technologies as required by the business. Some of the applications and its related technologies might be legacy. Should have exposure in SDLC life cycle. With practical knowledge of how each of these development phases get executed. Preferably should have worked on at least one major project implementation. Knowledge of distributed working environment including 3-tiered and n-tiered architecture is needed. end Client is highly distributed process driven environment. Previous experience in working with major banks or distributed business implementations will add value There will be distributed vendor technology teams involved and the team member should be able to work along with them in coordinating and implementing deliverable additional skills Jquery, Javascript, Ajax, XSLT , Stylesheet Immediate need for Sr.Dot Net Developer Polaris Full time - Green Card /USA/H1B Transfer 84+ Months of experience in Dotnet, C# ,ASP.NET , SQL Server, SSIS and BI Skills	Senior Software Engineer	Polaris Software Lab Inc	Piscataway	NJ	Piscataway, NJ	Dice	Thu, 15 Oct 2015 03:00:41 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=90b60773c40a7d12&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa349h4ooqIAoeaDAJNdWle8JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3keqeql19r93fa
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Description BD (Becton, Dickinson and Company), a leading global medical technology company, is seeking a senior principal software engineer to oversee all aspects of design, architecture, and development of web-based services for BD’s healthcare IT projects. They assume the technical leadership of entire projects and champion technical and architectural excellence. This candidate will have a passion for building robust, well-architected solutions and takes scalability and maintainability very seriously. The candidate should be passionate about great software, and enjoy the details involved with the long-term outlook of technology strategy. The position is an exciting opportunity to make a meaningful, positive impact on patients throughout world by leveraging the cutting edge technologies. This role offers competitive relocation compensation and the opportunity for partial remote work. Duties and Responsibilities: Supervise and lead the activities of an agile software development team Plan, architect and implement full stack front and backend applications in a high-volume environment on Microsoft and related technologies (.NET, C#, MVC, WebAPI, IIS, SQL Server, Azure, and JavaScript) Champion technical and architectural excellence; Ensure correct technology choices and champion exceptionally high standards in terms of adherence to best practices; Lead by example in terms of code consistency, performance, robustness, intuitive APIs, all of which are core tenets for solutions Implement modern DevOps processes for continuous software delivery Set and enforce development standards and practices throughout the organization Collaborate and provide technical and design guidance and suggestions within the team and department Guide and mentor; perform peer code reviews and architectural reviews Assume technical ownership of entire projects, feature sets and modules without needing daily oversight Oversee and monitor projects and initiatives for technical and architectural soundness Perform discovery and estimation of epics, stories and tasks in Scrum projects Qualifications Bachelor's or Master's degree in Computer Science or related field 5+ years of professional experience in software engineering 2 yrs of C#, ASP.NET, MVC, WebAPI Proficiency with multi-tiered, web/cloud architectures A strong computer science background and solid experience with object oriented design and programming A passion for writing polished, well-architected code Well versed in web, backend and database software development principles Experience in agile software development teams Intimate familiarity with patterns and practices of the Microsoft web technology stack Implementing and deploying web applications in IIS Database programming and relational schema design for SQL Server Familiarity with Microsoft Azure Job Other Primary Location US-New Jersey-Franklin Lakes Shift First Shift / Day Job Relocation Available No	Senior Principal Software Engineer	Becton Dickinson & Company	Franklin Lakes	NJ	Franklin Lakes, NJ	Becton Dickinson	Thu, 03 Sep 2015 15:30:26 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=e20d4e4c73e6d84a&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa349h4ooqIAoeaDAJNdWle8JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3keqeql19r93fa
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Smith &amp; Keller is currently seeking a Software Implementation Engineer to come grow with us in a dynamic and challenging environment to join our team. The team is comprised of talented, creative and dedicated individuals with a passion for delivering innovative solutions to the market. Our client recognizes that every employee’s contributions are integral to the company’s growth and success. To find and acquire the best and brightest talent around the globe, we offer a challenging work environment, competitive compensation and benefits, and rewarding career opportunities. The Software Implementation Engineer will be part of a team performing implementations to thier clients working with financial and banking software. There is coding involved, however this is not building a new product. Each project is somewhat unique – each client environment, processing solution we integrate with and business model is different. This company only looks for the brightest and best! Responsibilities for the Software Implementation Engineer: Develop, enhance, test and implement solutions for the financial services industry Qualifications for the Software Implementation Engineer: Databases: SQL or Data Warehousing, ETL, OLAP Operating systems: Windows and Linux Programming language: Java OR C++, Javascript Web Technologies: HTML, XML, XSL, Servlets Excellent communication skills Excellent written and spoken English Pro-active and Team Oriented approach BS degree in Computer Science or related field Travel required 25% Occasional night/weekend work to move to production Experience for the Software Implementation Engineer: 2+ years experience with a Software Company 	Software Implementation Engineer – SQL	Smith & Keller	New York	NY	New York, NY	Smith & Keller	Tue, 15 Sep 2015 10:03:42 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=b8d2c66251ed654f&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa349h4ooqIAoeaDAJNdWle8JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3keqeql19r93fa
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Date: Immediate Location: New York, NY Type: FTE (Full Time Employee) JOB DESCRIPTION Symphony is looking for a senior-level, server-side Java software engineer to support its exponential growth. As a Symphony Backend Engineer, you'll be designing and implementing the cloud-based server-side logic for our secure communications platform. Working closely with Symphony’s industry partners and large financial clients, you will help design and integrate external platforms with Symphony’s enterprise-class, secure, end-to-end encrypted messaging application. Our engineers design and implement utilizing open source stacks (e.g. hbase, kafka, solr), extreme scaling within the cloud, and encryption in transit/at rest. This role is for a strong hands-on software engineer who also has outstanding communications skills. The successful candidate will be ready for a role that includes both directly contributing to the development of Symphony’s platform integration interfaces, and has the strong relationship management and communications skills to work directly with outside organizations to help create a complete technical solution. Why you are needed now: Symphony is a secure messaging startup backed by an array of the world’s leading financial institutions. Our clients and industry partners aim to create rich integrations with the Symphony front-end: Huge customer and industry demand for connections with 3rd party content and integration, and connections to enterprise applications Each one of these features needs to be maintainable, secure, and scalable to a large number of partner integrations Symphony is designed as an open platform which enables widespread integration. Platform integration is core to our product strategy. The problems you will be solving: Provide sophisticated back-end integration hooks to deliver hooks into Symphony’s core messaging platform, supporting integration with secure message “bots,” content and trading platform information feeds, and other server-side applications. Our clients are large, sophisticated global enterprises who seek to integrate Symphony in a complex fashion with their internal systems. Our partners include many application and content providers. Handling these complex stakeholders and delivering a strategic solution is the core of this challenging and crucial role. RESPONSIBILITIES Participate in development of Symphony's Server / Backend Development Work with clients and industry partners to explain how our interfaces work and assist in integrating with Symphony at both an architectural and code level Design, implement and test highly scalable, multi-tier, distributed server software applications Design and implement distributed and highly concurrent Java based enterprise services Create maintainable and scalable features fit for use by demanding enterprise clients QUALIFICATIONS Outstanding technical communications skills and stakeholder management 10+ years experience in a Java server-side software design and development Solid background in fundamentals of computer science and development process Experience developing high quality centralized server based apps Experience with open source frameworks and tools BS or MS degree in Computer Science or a related technical field DESIRED BUT NOT REQUIRED NoSQL and SQL databases Experience deploying server applications on Google App Engine (GAE), Google Compute Engine GCE and Amazon Web Service (AWS) Experience with any of the following: Kafka, Solr, Tomcat, HBase and Hadoop, ZooKeeper, Mongo, Camel Master’s Degree, and Machine learning exposure are a plus Experience with communication and messaging applications Experience with security software and solutions Experience designing and implementing scalable, high performance, server side Java applications Experience with distributed systems, persistence, caching, concurrent programming ABOUT SYMPHONY'S TECHNOLOGY STACK We selected Apache Kafka, Apache Solr, MongoDB and HBase due to their superior distributed nature, performance, reliability, and ability to scale to the volume of data generated by the expected workload. We built out the ReSTFUL web services layer in a stateless manner using Apache Tomcat, meaning capacity could be added linearly, by simply adding more boxes behind the load balancer. The client front end was conceived as a web client that could be delivered on any device, any operating system, anywhere in the world. To build it, we chose HTML5/CSS3, with JQuery, Backbone and Handlebars doing the bulk of the heavy lifting. Symphony's front-end web application uses the modular pattern made popular in CommonJS, which builds each component as a loosely coupled anonymous closure. The core of the JavaScript app handles request transport details, new message notifications and updates, configuration of the UI layout, and much more. These functions are abstracted behind a public sandbox and selectively bundled into modules when the components are loaded. This architecture helps Symphony add new components quickly and seamlessly because they are isolated from each other, and lets developers control exactly how much of the app needs to load—an architecture specifically designed for integration and customization. ABOUT SYMPHONY Designed for the exchange of high-value content, Symphony is a secure communication and workflow platform that improves workplace productivity and connects users to their professional and personal community. Symphony has attracted the world’s top financial institutions with a $66 million investment to develop a scalable, cloud-based and highly secure collaboration and communication platform that will address the enterprise and compliance requirements for the financial services industry. The Symphony platform is intended to be used by some of the most time-conscious firms on the planet who are regularly corresponding high-value information—where a delay of a few seconds can have significant cost implications. Symphony’s secure communication platform will be available to all financial institutions and professionals world-wide in mid-2015. Now we’re looking for top-notch engineers, programmers and marketers (etc.) to join our team in Palo Alto, CA and New York to help us change the way the world communicates. If you have the skills and savvy to work with a world-class team, and an appetite for game-changing disruption, we definitely want to hear from you. COMPENSATION Competitive Base Salary and Incentive (Stock Option) plan / Health/Dental/Vision/401k (We accept existing H1B Visa applicants) Symphony appreciates your interest in our company. Symphony is an Equal Opportunity Employer. SYMPHONY BENEFITS Competitive salary based on experience, skills, and qualifications Medical, Dental, and Vision coverage 401(K) Plan Life and AD&amp;D coverage Short Term and Long Term Disability coverage Employee Assistance Program Flexible Spending Account benefits Uncapped vacation and sick time Fully stocked kitchen and catered lunches Discounted gym memberships Many other fun and exciting benefits and activities! Symphony reserves the right of ownership for all unsolicited resumes submitted for this requisition and is not responsible for any fees associated with unsolicited resumes.	Senior Java Backend Software Engineer – Platform Integration	Symphony Communication Services, LLC	New York	NY	New York, NY	Symphony Communication Services, LLC	Mon, 03 Aug 2015 02:59:09 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=290bc98f9f30f088&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa349h4ooqIAoeaDAJNdWle8JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3keqeql19r93fa
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Software Engineer Manufacturer of complex electro-mechanical systems is in need of a talented Software Engineer to participate in all aspects of the design and maintenance of software for their high performance precision products. Full life-cycle software development; programming to include conceptual design, general coding, release to manufacturing testing, and quality assurance. Candidate needs to be able to produce final release software for manufacturing including associated documentation. Candidate needs to demonstrate the ability to use appropriate development tools, compliers, and simulation. Must be capable of working within a team environment to plan, organize, execute and thoroughly document complex system designs, including the ability to assist in developing technical solutions to customer specifications. Test and debug skills are necessary; must understand interoperability of hardware and software. Knowledge of and experience with Microsoft Visual Studio; C, C#, VB, and Windows programming (WIN32, .NET) are required. Knowledge of and experience with analog and digital design (motor drive, microcontrollers) are a plus. Must be able to manage and support multiple tasks on a consistent basis, while providing the highest level of service. Good verbal and writing skills are necessary. Primary Responsibilities • Candidate will participate in all aspects of the software design and invention of high performance precision hardware products. •Includes conceptual design, architecting, and programming. •Includes debugging, and system testing applications and modules in various software languages. •Creation and upkeep of company product documents. •Maintenance of current products and feature addition. •Coordinate multiple build activities internally with engineering projects. •Directing test engineers and technicians on specific projects. •Provide customer support in the factory and in the field. Job Requirements • BS Computer Engineering or BSEE and 3+ years applicable experience in Windows programming design preferred. •Strong knowledge of C, C#, and Microsoft (WIN32, .NET) are required. •Strong knowledge of Microsoft SQL •Strong knowledge of Communication : TCP/IP, Serial, USB •Strong Knowledge of software development tools. •Knowledge of design, development, test engineering, and manufacturing processes. •Knowledge of Front End graphical user interface design •Must be capable of working within a team to plan. •Must be capable of thoroughly documenting complex system designs. •Proven ability to assist in developing technical solutions to customer specifications. •Experience with testing and debugging; in lab prototypes (initial bring up) and in field customer sites. •Ability to read hardware block diagrams, schematics, and wiring diagrams. •Knowledge of PCB schematic and layout tools a plus. •Basic computer skills, including Microsoft suite; Outlook, Word, Excel, etc... •Good verbal and writing skills are necessary. •Must be a US Citizen or Green Card holder Apply For This Job: Email your resume to Info@IntegralStaff.com referencing the Job ID in the title above. Thank You.	Software Engineer	Integral Staffing	Ramsey	NJ	Ramsey, NJ	Integral Staffing	Thu, 01 Oct 2015 22:44:17 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=1d42aa73823cdcd1&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa349h4ooqIAoeaDAJNdWle8JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3keqeql19r93fa
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	iHeartRadio, iHeartMedia’s free digital radio service, is the No. 1 all-in-one digital audio service with over 600 million downloads; it reached its first 20 million registered users faster than any digital service in Internet history and reached 70 million users faster than any digital music service and even faster than Twitter, Facebook and Pinterest. The company’s operations include radio broadcasting, online, mobile, digital and social media, live concerts and events, syndication, music research services and independent media representation. iHeartRadio is looking for several Test Engineers who believe deeply in Continuous Integration and Deployment and have extensive background working in fast-paced, agile environments. As a Test Engineer, you will be embedded directly into our product teams and will work alongside existing Software Engineers to help build and expand our suite of automation tools and frameworks. If you have a passion for bringing push button deployments with full testing and regression tools to life, including Selenium Webdriver, PhantomJS, Appium, and Java, and have rapid and high quality deployments as a minimum standard for your team, you will love this role. We take our testing seriously and we want Engineers to be autonomous, creative and most of all produce high quality software. Quality not only entails finding bugs, but also helping to commit code, including functional tests, measuring performance, latency and data consistency across our entire product portfolio. Responsibilities: Architect and create an Automation Framework using open source technologies Work directly on our product teams ensuring proper Functional and Regression test coverage using tools like Selenium Webdriver, PhantomJS, Appium, Java, JUnit, TestNG, XCTest and others Ensure that the testing and automation tools are wired into our Continuous Integration proc ess using tools like Jenkins Work with individual engineers to ensure that the different product teams have a high degree of focus on quality by working on strategies (and code) for Functional testing Execute any manual testing required to move product work through the agile sprints Ensure all testing includes a multi-platform approach by thinking about different browsers and devices where iHeartRadio products live Collaborate with Product Managers and Engineers on building out test strategies and plans Requirements: Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or equivalent 3+ Years experience in a Test Engineering role for both client or backend based products Extensive experience in writing automated tests using frameworks like Selenium Webdriver, Appium, Java, JUnit, TestNG, Git Experience testing HTML and Mobile interfaces manually and automated Strong understanding of basic protocols like HTTP iHeartMedia is an equal opportunity employer and will not tolerate discrimination in employment on the basis of race, color, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, religion, disability, ethnicity, national origin, marital status, protected veteran status, genetic information, or any other legally protected classification or status. Required Skills Required Experience	Software Engineer in Test	iHeartMedia, Inc.	New York	NY	New York, NY	iHeartMedia, Inc.	Sat, 01 Aug 2015 06:24:54 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=8727add57ce985a7&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa349h4ooqIAoeaDAJNdWle8JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3keqeql19r93fa
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	RESPONSIBILITIES: Kforce has a client has a client seeking a Junior Java Software Engineer 2 in Jersey City, New Jersey (NJ). This is a great opportunity for someone who has the desire to work with teams that are passionate about lean startup principles, innovation and creating amazing customer experiences. This is a company that is continuously recognized for its world-class products! Responsibilities: Responsible for design, evaluation and implementation of innovative software components for a large scale, fault tolerant and distributed software platform Help the client to implement their next generation audio platform delivering leading edge audio quality to customers using collaboration software as well as the stand-alone audio conferencing service Apply skills and experience in an agile/scrum environment, working closely with developers, designers, and product managers Work on cutting edge, cloud based, Software-as-a-Service products for a major player in the software/tech industry Work in an Agile Software development environment Work closely with Architect and Senior Engineers to design and implement a software solution in either Java or C++ (based on background) Work with the Quality Engineering Team to support product validation and deployment to LIVE environment Work with Scrum Master, Product Managers to understand and groom stories based on user requirements REQUIREMENTS: Experience in C++ or Java and one or more scripting languages (e.g., JavaScript, Python) Experience in UNIX programming Knowledge of Object-oriented Programming (OOP); including, modular design and development Knowledge of data structures, collections and algorithms and familiarity with Linux based systems Knowledge in Networking technologies and multi-threaded programming Knowledge of highly scalable, distributed fault tolerant systems Java background C++ background, knowledge with client-server systems, Internet communication protocols and real-time communication protocols (RTP, SIP/SDP, H.323) Self-Starter, quick learner and able to thrive in a culturally and technically diverse team environment Experience in Web development (e.g. MVC frameworks, Ajax Frameworks, Java, Spring, Hibernate, HTTP, XML, TCP/IP, JavaScript, JSP/Servlets) Experience designing and developing APIs and Web Services Understanding of databases, (e.g. NoSQL, SQL, schema design) 	Junior - Mid Core Java Software Engineer	Kforce	Jersey City	NJ	Jersey City, NJ	Kforce	Tue, 22 Sep 2015 19:43:30 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=07b2e1fdc1e75b75&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa349h4ooqIAoeaDAJNdWle8JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3keqeql19r93fa
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Design and code from specifications, analyzes, evaluates, tests, debugs, documents, and implements complex software apps - Uses coding methods in specific programming languages to initiate or enhance program execution and functionality - Under general direction, devises or modifies procedures to solve complex problems considering computer equipment capacity and limitations, operating time, and form of desired results - Competent to work at the highest technical level of all phases of applications programming activities - Monitor program execution for expected performance - Monitors systems capacity and performance, plans and executes disaster recovery procedures, and provides Tier 2 technical support. - Strong front-end performance tuning experience of web based applications (Java, J2EE, JavaScript, SPRING, HTML, XML, DHTML, WebServices, CSS, AJAX, SOA, EJB) - Strong analytical &amp; troubleshooting skills - Exposure to ATG platform is a plus. - Exposure to monitoring tools Wily and CEM is a plus. Requires a bachelor's degree in area of specialty and at least 4-8 years of experience in the field or in a related area Skill set Java. Work Experience 4+ Yrs Number of positions 1	Software Systems Engineer	RiVi Consulting Group	Township of Warren	NJ	Township of Warren, NJ	RiVi Consulting Group	Thu, 27 Aug 2015 23:39:44 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=da32e503891a7336&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa349h4ooqIAoeaDAJNdWle8JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3keqeql19r93fa
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Lead Software Engineer (.NET) Works within a scrum team to design and develop software products in the Microsoft .NET environment (C#, ASP.NET, SQL 2014, MVC). Lead Software Engineer (.NET) Essential Functions: Serve as technical team lead for a small, senior product development scrum team. Drive software architecture of next-generation .NET SaaS platform, including SQL Server 2014 data model, persistence layer, web-services based business tier, business rules engine, UI tier, and integration components. Establish and maintain best-practice development standards. Implement and maintain automated build and deployment scripts. Work with QA engineers to identify and correct defects found in testing. Support products in the field by working with customers and technical support representatives (light travel may be required). Support clients and internal users on new product releases and features. Skills Required: Top-notch .NET/MVC development skills (C#). Experience designing and developing multi-tenant SaaS products. Demonstrated leadership and mentoring experience. Excellent interpersonal skills and oral/written communication. Ability to handle challenging situations and multiple tasks simultaneously while performing within tight time constraints. Lead Software Engineer (.NET) Technical Skills: Minimum 10 years end-to-end web development experience. Minimum 5 years experience with the C# and web frameworks such as .NET MVC. Familiarity with other server-side language such as PHP (preferred) Java or Ruby. Familiarity with client-side technologies including but not limited to HTML, CSS and Javascript libraries such as JQuery. Experience with HTML5 and responsive web design preferred. Minimum 5 years experience with relational database design and development (SQL Server preferred). Experience working in agile programming environment. Education and Experience: Four-year college degree in Computer Science or a related field, or equivalent experience is required.	Lead Software Engineer (.NET)	Smith & Keller	New York	NY	New York, NY	Smith & Keller	Tue, 15 Sep 2015 10:04:33 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=6e0cdc78f06cc7e7&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa349h4ooqIAoeaDAJNdWle8JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3keqeql19r93fa
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	RESPONSIBILITIES: Kforce is seeking candidates for our client in Florham Park, New Jersey. This is a great opportunity to work in a R&amp;D lab environment. Our client is looking for candidates with a passion to solve tough challenges through innovation and the application of technology Responsibilities: In the lab, will be performing R&amp;D to: Create novel wireless communications and situational awareness systems using standards based and custom communications protocols. Create unique systems for use in air, land and maritime environments Employ advanced signal and protocol processing, channel modeling and waveform design from HF to W band and optical frequencies as well Join a fast-moving, high-performing multidisciplinary team with a record of success and opportunity for advancement You will develop advanced protocol processing and processing algorithms for unique applications. The programs are for applied research and technology in an advanced networking and communication organization Position Responsibilities: Apply and perform systems analysis, modeling and simulation of processing systems and demonstrate systems via simulated and/or real data input Perform functional analysis, performance analysis and synthesis of protocol implementations (including physical transmission convergence and higher layer) for Radio and Core Access Technologies Conceptualize, define, design, and prototype complex systems engineering solutions May lead a team of engineers to accomplish a similar task Work with upper-level engineers to identify need for improvement and work on implementing solutions to meet those needs REQUIREMENTS: Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or Electrical Engineering and 6-8 years of experience or an equivalent combination of skills, education and experience. Master's degree preferred Experience coding in C/C++ Understand the wireless protocol stacks for GSM, LTD,and 3G UMTS/CDMA Applicants selected will be subject to a government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information Working knowledge of radio access, core network, interface protocol and the call flows over these interfaces Experience in 3GPP/IEEE/ANSI/ITU/ETSI Wireless and Trunked mobile radio protocols and survey tools Demonstrated ability to rapidly prototype protocols and applications Demonstrated knowledge of object oriented architecture, programming and programming methods Experience with Linux Demonstrated ability to leverage open source programs, rapid integration methods, web interfaces and services implementation, XML implementation methods Object oriented architecture, programming and programming methods required Demonstrated experience or knowledge of software methods - from those that are highly formal requiring extensive documentation and reviews to 'extreme' programming techniques Excellent communication and interpersonal skills 	Software / Wireless Protocols Engineer	Kforce	Florham Park	NJ	Florham Park, NJ	Kforce	Fri, 02 Oct 2015 18:45:35 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=65e18d7dd561ae46&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa349h4ooqIAoeaDAJNdWle8JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3keqeql19r93fa
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Develop services, systems and tools using mostly C#, ASP.NET MVC and SQL Server Full Stack .Net Software Engineer – CONTRACT – New York, NY Full Stack .Net Software Engineer Summary &amp; Skills: As a full stack software engineer, you’ll develop innovative technologies that are changing the Alternative Asset Management industry. You’ll work with other engineers and business analysts to design, build, deploy, and support the core business Innovation's suite of applications. You’ll tackle a variety of problems ranging from optimizing data retrieval performance to scaling out infrastructure or bringing complex systems together. You’ll devise elegant solutions, and put your own best ideas to work in an entrepreneurial environment inside one of the world's most successful companies. Develop services, systems and tools using mostly C#, ASP.NET MVC and SQL Server Lead and participate in technical, design and operations reviews throughout the development cycle Identify areas of the business which could be streamlined through the application of technology Build and share reusable components Automate everything Grow the team by sharing your specialized skills Qualifications: My client is seeking to hire individuals who are highly motivated, intelligent and have demonstrated excellence in prior endeavors. Qualified candidates will possess: A B.S. in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or similar A desire to learn and adapt to new technologies A self-starting, entrepreneurial attitude Object-oriented programming experience in any language A desire to keep improving Pluses include experience with JavaScript / JavaScript frameworks (jQuery, underscore, knockout, d3) CSS / SASS / Coffee Source control Database technologies .NET / C# / ASP.NET Follow us on our BLOG to see more jobs like this: http://ny.vereduscorp.com/ Why Veredus? Candidates work with a professional Recruiter whose average experience is eight years in the industry. That means they have intimate knowledge of the Information Technology industry and market trends - who is in demand now and who will be next. Your Veredus Recruiter will lead you through a thorough screening process in order to understand your skills, experience, needs, and desires. They also counsel their candidates in resume writing, interviewing, and career planning so when there’s a position you really want, you’re fully prepared to get it. Additionally, if the position is a consulting opportunity Veredus provides full benefits starting Day 1, and at virtually no cost to you. Medical Dental Vision 401K Life Insurance ($20,000 benefit) ATOP - Accrued Time Off Program Consultant Lunches and Outings Consultant Web-Site Name Plates Care packages/Survival packs Dedicated Consulting Services Representative Veredus has been recognized as one of the “Best Staffing Firms to Work For” by Staffing Industry Analysts the last 3 years in a row. Nervous about an upcoming interview Want to be as prepared as possible Click on the link below and you will have access to the Veredus Interview Prep Video - culled from hundreds of years of collective experience in preparing candidates for that all important job interview: http://vereduscorp.com/career-center/ Veredus Corporation is an EEO/Affirmative Action Employer M/F/D/V. Drug testing may be required; please contact Recruiter for more information.	Full Stack .NET Software Engineer	Veredus	New York	NY	New York, NY	Veredus	Wed, 16 Sep 2015 07:46:58 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=b4bb4243be903c41&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa349h4ooqIAoeaDAJNdWle8JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3keqeql19r93fa
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Job Title: Sr. Software Engineer Job Location: Rockleigh, NJ Job Type: Full time/ Permanent REQUIREMENTS Client is looking for a Software Engineer to be an integral member of their device management software platform. Must have experience with C#, .Net, C++. Must have experience in programming interactions with hardware devices or in writing firmware. WPF experience is a plus. Experience with protocol specifications and analysis is a plus. At least 2 years industry experience or significant programming achievements are needed. S. Computer Engineering, Computer Science or equivalent Required experience: C#, .Net, C++, MVVM: 5 years 	Sr. Software Engineer	Prospance inc	Rockleigh	NJ	Rockleigh, NJ	Indeed	Mon, 17 Aug 2015 22:31:26 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=75783ac48da1331d&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa349h4ooqIAoeaDAJNdWle8JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3keqeql19r93fa
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	We’re looking for extremely talented, passionate and resourceful a Software Engineer – PHP that want to join a collaborative, humorous and hard-working team of developers that really believe in what they’re building – someone who loves the thrill of working with an awesome startup where they can build systems that are so good they want to brag about them! Responsibilities for Software Engineer – PHP Building out next generation e-commerce platforms and systems Analyzing application performance Identifying and resolving application and database bottlenecks Writing SQL queries and data modelling for real time reporting Skills &amp; Requirements for Software Engineer – PHP Gotta Have Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science/Engineering preferred or combined equivalent of education and/or experience 5+ years of experience developing database driven web applications, and solid experience in the latest web technologies, including PHP 5.x, MySQL, XML, CSS3, JSON and JQuery 3+ years of OOP/MVC PHP programming 2+ years developing test driven code using tools such as (PHPUnit, Jenkins, etc) Solid experience working within LAMP environment Experience in developing database driven web applications, combining back-end database with frontend integration. Hope you Have Experience with Zend Framework Experience developing web services A passion for learning and experimentation. While our core is PHP, we like to use the tool for the job. Want to build a subsystem with Redis, Gearman, NodeJS, or StatsD? Go for it! A strong portfolio of web-oriented projects.* Guru Skills Amazing “can-do” attitude Tireless energy &amp; motivation Able to leap from one activity to the next – without breaking a sweat! Able to “go with the flow” – very zen! 	Software Engineer – PHP (160K)	Smith & Keller	New York	NY	New York, NY	Smith & Keller	Tue, 15 Sep 2015 10:03:41 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=1de28a5c2501975c&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa349h4ooqIAoeaDAJNdWle8JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3keqeql19r93fa
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	In a time where people are canceling their cable TV subscriptions in favor of online streaming media, there's a NYC technology startup responsible for over 94 billion plays and over 4 billion hours of streaming video watched last year. Their video player is currently deployed on over 2 million web properties and streams nearly 5% of all internet video. They recently created a mobile streaming platform and are looking for an Android Engineer to take ownership of developing their Android SDK. Your work will enable native app developers to build streaming video functionality into their apps. This company's product is the third most used streaming video player (only behind YouTube and Facebook) so your work will be immediately deployed to a massive audience. Requirements: 2+ years of Android app or SDK development experience Knowledge of some of the following: Java, Python, JavaScript, HTML, Git, Jenkins, C++ BS, MS, or PHD in Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics, or a related field of study 	Android Software Engineer - Streaming Video SDK	HiringCatalyst	New York	NY	New York, NY	Breezy HR	Mon, 02 Nov 2015 19:53:20 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=61cc7e60fbded611&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa349h4ooqIAoeaDAJNdWle8JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3keqeql19r93fa
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Job Title: Senior Software Engineer - API - Scala, AKKA, Play Job Location: New York Job Type: Full Time Job Description: Company is hiring Software Engineers to help us innovate in the way we develop our industry-leading communications monitoring and analytics service platform for the financial industry. Organization Vault is a startup within the company Enterprise group. Their infrastructure processes over 250 million messages per day and our archive manages over 80 billion communications objects ranging from e-mail to voice recordings. They believe in building the best cloud-services for our customers using the best tools for the job and They’re looking for developers who want to have an impact in the financial industry. We are using open source technologies including: Java, Scala, Play Framework, Accumulo, Hadoop, jQuery, Docker IO. Must have: A hands-on problem solver with excellent software design and implementation skills using scalable REST web services in Scala/Java (7,8) using Akka/Play. Solid experience with OO driven development and frameworks similar to Play Solid experience working with HTML5, AJAX, CSS and front-end technologies Experience as component owner making significant contributions to code, architecture, performance, robustness and reliability. A self-starter who brings energy, passion and creativity to work every day. Desired Skills: BA/BS in Computer Science, related degree, or strong comparable experience. 5+ years of professional software development experience. Experience developing modern enterprise or REST applications using languages like Scala/Java/Python etc. Knowledge of RDBMs like MySQL, data modeling, SQL tuning and optimization Familiarity with NoSQL data stores like Accumulo, Solr, Redis or Memcache 	Senior Software Engineer - API - Scala, AKKA, Play	MSH Group	New York	NY	New York, NY	MSH Group	Thu, 17 Sep 2015 05:22:05 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=0d542e319af83aed&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa349h4ooqIAoeaDAJNdWle8JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3keqeql19r93fa
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	The Senior Software Engineer will be accountable for leading a small team as well as developing and maintaining key modules of the V12 Group's suite of SaaS applications. The Engineer will be working on a variety of applications and next generation products as well as working on a team of top developers with cutting edge technologies. Responsibilities • Design, develop and modify modules based on functional and system requirements • Work closely with Product Owner for understanding the functional and system requirements • Provide feedback during design and code peer reviews • Adhere to software team's established processes and tools • Participate in sprint planning and estimating • Contribute ideas for process improvement, including coding practices, standards and tools • Work closely with Software Engineers to ensure architectural integrity and product quality • Mentor junior engineers in development methodologies and best practices • Engage in continuous self-improvement of technical and communications skills • Solid understanding of OOP/OOD Principles • Participate in testing process through unit testing and bug fixes • Strong ability to debug code quickly and efficiently • Maintain awareness of deadlines and priorities • All other duties as assigned Skills &amp; Requirements Position Requirements Formal Education &amp; Certification • BS/BA degree in Computer Science, Information Systems or related field Like to Haves • 4-6+ years in a working environment • Experience leading a team • HTML5 / CSS3 / JavaScript • JQuery / knockoutjs / AngularJS • C# • ASP.NET MVC • Basic Design Patterns (Factory, Repository, Singleton, UnitOfWork, Dependency Injection) • Team leadership/Scrum Master • Experience organizing and coordinating programming tasks assigned to other Software Engineers • Experience monitoring project status, technical leadership, mentoring and providing insight within the Software Engineering department Other valuable skills • ADO.NET / ORM: Entity Framework, NHibernate • SQL Server Databases (SQL Queries, Stored Procedures, Database Triggers) • Agile/Scrum methodologies • Familiarity building multithreaded applications • Experience with modern Internet APIs, protocols, and patterns including REST, JSON, XML • WCF, WebAPI 2, Web Services (REST, SOAP) • Embrace a test-driven development (TDD) approach, leveraging unit test tools such as JUnit and NUnit (BTT nice to have) Personal Attributes • Experience at working both independently and in a team-oriented, collaborative environment is essential • Analytical and problem-solving capabilities • Strong attention to detail and ability to multi-task • Ability to work under tight project deadlines About V12 Group If you’re looking for a company where you can work hard, have fun, get inspired, and be well compensated then we’re looking for you. V12 Group is proof that you don’t have to choose between the inflexibility of corporate culture and the uncertainty of a startup. Enjoy a comprehensive benefits package, generous vacation time, and a highly competitive salary all in an environment that promotes creativity and innovation. Headquartered in Red Bank, NJ, V12 Group is a two-time honoree of NJBIZ’s Best Places to Work in New Jersey. Since 2002, V12 Group has been providing customers, clients, and users of Launchpad, our marketing cloud, with leading technology, quality data, and an unparalleled customer experience. You don’t have to travel to Silicon Valley to join a leading technology company; you just have to apply. Contact us today to learn more about V12 Group, our team, and your future. Check out our corporate site at: http://www.v12groupinc.com/ As well as our Launchpad Marketing Cloud at: https://launchpadcloud.com/ \	Senior Software Engineer/Marketing-Technology company with latest technologies!	V12 Group	Red Bank	NJ	Red Bank, NJ	StackOverflow Jobs	Thu, 29 Oct 2015 20:48:03 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=bd5b20bfc29b3c90&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa349h4ooqIAoeaDAJNdWle8JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3keqeql19r93fa
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	DESCRIPTION: Catchpoint Systems is in need of a Back-End Software Engineer who will play an essential role in developing our data analytics platform, which is a distributed, multi-threaded, fault tolerant system. The Engineer will often work with and enhance our custom NoSQL DB, which is used for populating, aggregating, and extracting very large data, to be used by our clients for reporting &amp; alerting. EXPERIENCE: 3+ years of experience in either C#, C++, or Java 3+ years of experience in writing multi-threaded applications and services Big Data Processing Deep understanding of SQL, and design patterns Building and maintaining unit/functional/integration tests Writing client server applications Familiarity with: Developing and integrating with WCF and/or other Webservice frameworks Understanding of .NET Frameworks Addressing and Troubleshooting network issues Database management LINQ REQUIREMENTS: BS or MS degree in Computer Science or related major COMPENSATION: We offer great benefits along with a stable and professional work environment, health insurance, and stock options. OVERVIEW: Catchpoint Systems offers wide-ranging and easy-to-use web monitoring tools that allow businesses to discover and fix problems with their websites before they impact end users, ultimately saving revenue and time, and preserving their brand in the eyes of consumers. Using Catchpoint’s customizable dashboards, analytics capabilities, and innovative alerting system, DevOps professionals can rest easy knowing that their synthetic monitoring needs are taken care of, and that their sites’ speed, availability, and reliability are maximized. At the same time, Catchpoint’s Real User Measurement solution ensures that the sites’ critical conversion paths are optimized to the fullest extent. Over 250 clients, including major brands such as Comcast, LinkedIn, Overstock, TripAdvisor, Wayfair, Priceline, and more have realized the benefit of Catchpoint as a third party monitoring solution. The key to our value is the end-to-end visibility of the complete user experience that our clients are able to access. With 12 different monitor types, including browser, DNS, API, SSH, transaction, network path, and a number of others, Catchpoint users can synthetically monitor from 400+ locations around the world, getting real-time analytics across a broad variety of functionalities that make up their sites.	Software Engineer (Data Platform)	Catchpoint Systems	New York	NY	New York, NY	Catchpoint Systems	Mon, 03 Aug 2015 06:20:16 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=4e862e4420804738&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa349h4ooqIAoeaDAJNdWle8JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3keqeql19r93fa
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Quidsi Inc., is a subsidiary of Amazon and entrepreneurial parent company to Diapers.com, Soap.com, BeautyBar.com, Wag.com, Yoyo.com, Look.com, Afterschool.com, Casa.com and Vinemarket.com. We are a mom-centric retail technology company. We deliver delightful experiences, products, and expertise by offering a curated selection of products, lightning-fast delivery, incredible customer service, and an easy-to-navigate shopping experience. Quidsi’s sites are host to millions of daily visitors and our warehouses are run by hundreds of autonomous Kiva robots. Our entire operation from our websites/apps, to our fulfillment centers and customer care center is focused on creating an enjoyable end-to-end customer experience. To get there, we need exceptionally talented, bright and driven people who are energized by "what if" (the meaning of Quidsi in Latin). If you'd like to help us build the place where people can find and buy anything online, come and innovate with us! We are building a high caliber technology team consisting of the brightest minds who raise the bar and enjoy being vigorously challenged. The ideal candidate is passionate about design and architecture with an unwavering commitment to code quality. The Senior Software Development Engineer is an idea generator who offers innovative solutions through a combination of creative thinking and deep understanding of the problem space. Projects will leverage Amazon’s technological capabilities and platforms to make Quidsi’s solutions compelling, unique and sustainable. Responsibilities : · Propose, prototype and evaluate multiple areas of optimization for our e-commerce applications and mobile-optimized sites · Build high availability/ high reliability software on time · Construct secure, scalable, and low-latency services and mobile applications · Provide hands-on code contribution and shipping responsibility - libraries, API's, documentation · Partner with Marketing, Merchandising and other business stakeholders to define functional solutions for business problems Basic Qualifications · Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or a related field or corresponding experience equaling 4 year degree · 5+ years experience in at least one of the following modern programming languages: Java, C#, C++, Python, Ruby, Scala, Groovy or any other modern non-scripting language · Minimum of 2 years of web applications/services experience Preferred Qualifications · Building highly-available distributed systems on a cloud infrastructure (e.g. AWS) · Delivering low-latency, consumer-internet-scale web services · Experience working with, or an interest in Agile Methodologies, such as Extreme Programming (XP) and Scrum · Strong OO skills, Computer Science fundamentals in data structures and algorithm design · Training and mentoring the engineering community on complex technical issues · Managing expectations, meeting firm deadlines and thriving in a dynamic work environment · Problem solving and complexity analysis · Strong verbal and written communication skills · Maintaining a sense of humor Quidsi Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer-Affirmative Action Employer Female/Minority/Disability/Vet .tch1.qds.crp.	Lead Software Development Engineer – Quidsi, Amazon Subsidiary	Quidsi, Inc.	Jersey City	NJ	Jersey City, NJ	Amazon.com	Fri, 14 Aug 2015 05:17:09 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=102593e6fa6a8039&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa349h4ooqIAoeaDAJNdWle8JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3keqeql19r93fa
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Crestron is the world's leading manufacturer of advanced control and automation systems, innovating technology and reinventing the way people live and work. Offering integrated solutions to control audio, video, computer, IP and environmental systems, Crestron streamlines technology, improving the quality of life for people in corporate boardrooms, conference rooms, classrooms, auditoriums, and in their homes. Crestron's software test team is seeking a talented and self-motivated engineer with software and/or software testing experience in a hardware environment who can apply his/her expertise to testing our software products in order to assure quality and stability prior to deployment. Responsibilities: Formulate test strategies for new and existing software products Design, develop and update test plans and test cases as needed Execute test plans, report results and create problem reports when applicable Position Requirements: BS in Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering or Computer Science Minimum of 3 years of software and/or software testing experience within a hardware environment Strong troubleshooting and debugging skills Able to multi-task effectively Methodical and detail-oriented Able to work independently as well as within a team Excellent verbal and written communication skills Must be able to work in the U.S. without sponsorship Preferred: System level testing experience Crestron knowledge Skills and Education Requirements: BS in Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering or Computer Science Minimum of 3 years of software and/or software testing experience within a hardware environment Strong troubleshooting and debugging skills Able to multi-task effectively Methodical and detail-oriented Able to work independently as well as within a team Excellent verbal and written communication skills 	Software Quality Engineer	Crestron Electronics	Rockleigh	NJ	Rockleigh, NJ	Crestron Electronics	Tue, 25 Aug 2015 00:11:26 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=d44c0739efedd046&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa349h4ooqIAoeaDAJNdWle8JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3keqeql19r93fa
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	Crestron is the world's leading manufacturer of advanced control and automation systems, innovating technology and reinventing the way people live and work. Offering integrated solutions to control audio, video, computer, IP and environmental systems, Crestron streamlines technology, improving the quality of life for people in corporate boardrooms, conference rooms, classrooms, auditoriums, and in their homes. Crestron's software test team is seeking a talented and self-motivated engineer with software and/or software testing experience in a hardware environment who can apply his/her expertise to testing our software products in order to assure quality and stability prior to deployment. Responsibilities: Formulate test strategies for new and existing software products Design, develop and update test plans and test cases as needed Execute test plans, report results and create problem reports when applicable Position Requirements: BS in Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering or Computer Science Minimum of 3 years of software and/or software testing experience within a hardware environment Strong troubleshooting and debugging skills Able to multi-task effectively Methodical and detail-oriented Able to work independently as well as within a team Excellent verbal and written communication skills Must be able to work in the U.S. without sponsorship Preferred: System level testing experience Crestron knowledge Skills and Education Requirements: BS in Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering or Computer Science Minimum of 3 years of software and/or software testing experience within a hardware environment Strong troubleshooting and debugging skills Able to multi-task effectively Methodical and detail-oriented Able to work independently as well as within a team Excellent verbal and written communication skills 	Software Quality Engineer	Crestron	Rockleigh	NJ	Rockleigh, NJ	Crestron	Mon, 24 Aug 2015 22:41:41 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=7078e88edbd09003&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa349h4ooqIAoeaDAJNdWle8JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3keqeql19r93fa
software engineer	10001	30	100	fulltime	0	We are looking for a skilled iOS Developer with a passion for building simple user interfaces on top of complex systems. The ideal candidate contributes not only to the code, but also to the entire product vision. Experience 6+ months experience with Swift. Experience with Swift on a project in the App Store or Enterprise project preferred. Ability to develop against a variety of web architectures and services (HTTP, SOAP, REST, etc.) Knowledge of scripting languages (Ruby, Perl, Python, BASH, etc.) Experience with C++, Java, Android SDK, and Swift Javascript experience with an MVC framework and Bower, NPM, Grunt Experience integrating web services and social platforms (XML, JSON, REST, OAuth, Facebook, Twitter, Foursquare, etc.) Experience at the user interface and application levels Experience with databases (SQL, Core Data, etc.) Experience with common iOS frameworks like AFNetworking a plus, Swift frameworks such AlamoFire and SnapKit a plus Qualifications Strong object-oriented programming and design skills Cocoa or Cocoa-Touch development experience Passion for product quality and attention to detail Excellent communication skills Performance analysis and tuning experience including memory usage, CPU utilization, leak checking, etc. Excellent debugging skills to solve challenging problems Bonus Experience implementing Notification services including Urban Airship Experience with Passbook generation and integration	Senior Software Engineer Mobile Platforms - iOS Developer	R/GA	New York	NY	New York, NY	R/GA	Thu, 13 Aug 2015 21:28:58 GMT	http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=1da430c1649f16af&qd=Ag27krUCoaLJuWVlpFUHKktjrbXDUsGzyMoJ22wuFmuYgLKVtEhVAIpOvFFnlsacaqP1atIlMmY_bmEfJLkdXRMQli-LAMxEbxPM0buaSa349h4ooqIAoeaDAJNdWle8JLdCwlcv60Ip7jH1uO3v5g&indpubnum=1018862029525284&atk=1a3keqeql19r93fa